---
layout: post
title: "Comedy of Errors"
date: 2003-07-19
slug: 2003-07-19-2
---

So I go to pick up the cake and the guy can&apos;t find it.  He knows he saw it he says - its a great looking cake he says, it takes him a while, all the while i&apos;m drumming my fingers on the counter, but he finally finds it.   Then onto TOGO&apos;s to pick up the platters of sandwiches I&apos;d ordered.  

I get there and wait in line to get up and tell them what I&apos;m there for.  Then I tell the clerk what I want and she says it broken english no - no platters. I say I ordered them a week ago, the manager call me yesterday to confirm, she says wait and min and gets her shift manager who thankfully speaks more english.  She says no there was no order.  I say yes - she says it must have been for the other store, in town.  No I ordered them from this store.  Just in case she says she&apos;ll call them - they have no subs for us.  Ok I say let me call Jack and get him to read me the number off of caller ID of the guy who called yesterday- Sure enough she says thats her manager.  She takes my order again and promises to get them done in 20 mins.  I run home with to get the ice in the coolers and the cake in the house.  Then I rush back and wait another 20 mins while they finish the trays.  

I get them home and rush to get  the ballons.  Then I head to the park where a very large indian family has moved into our reserved space and is cooking on the large bbq.  I pointed the sign but  decided it didn&apos;t matter as long as we have a table for food, I&apos;d rather sit on the grass then on tables on asphalt.

I started setting up the gazebo I bought and can&apos;t find instructions.  Jack shows up with Megan at this point and I just sort of break down.  It was just too much.  

But a few mins later Pam Yvonne Jack and I have figured out the Gazebo, decided to move entirely into the grass and have set up the folding tables that came in the back of our CRV&apos;s as food tables.  The wind is so strong I decide no streamers, and basically it all just happens - and really it works out great.  Everyone I think had a  great time.  and Jack seemed to really enjoy himself.  The park moniter did stop by and I told her it was ok that they stole our spot as long as they turned off their very load Indian music.  She went over and told them that, and they actually turned it off.  
I&apos;m pooped after all that - I&apos;m heading to bed.

