---
layout: post
title: "MEGANS NO GOOD VERY BAD NIGHT OR A COMEDY OF ERRORS"
date: 2003-09-30
slug: 2003-09-30-1
---

So ...  Jack worked late last night - till about 12:30.  When he came to bed he left Ripley asleep in the office and shut the door - not tightly but not open either.  Ripely woke up and freaked out wining and pawing the door, bumping in to furniture and well waking up Megan next door.  Megan cried so loudly and I jumped out of bed from a dead sleep and ran to her.  I heard Ripley in the office and freed her and then went in and comforted Megan.  I left her and she started crying... and crying a... and crying - for over an hour off and on with alittle talking.  I finally went back in and she was standing in her crib ready to start the day!.  I thought I&apos;d rock her to sleep and Jack came in to help me for a second and I realized when she tried to get to him that she was up for a while.  So we went up to the front of the house and Dad got a few hours of sleep.  Megan enjoyed alittle crawling and then settled in my arms to watch Everwood with me.  45 mins into the hour show and Megan was finally out - I finished the show to make sure she was really out and then I walked her to bed...

but I forgot I had set up the chid gate at the opening of the living room.  I walked right into it banging my foot in the process.  After standing there making sure Megan was still asleep.  I couldn&apos;t call Jack loud enough with the airfilter in our bedroom, so I reached down and pulled up the bar and then turned it to the side.  As I took my first tentative step It started to slide. I stood there and waited and it came to rest on my foot.  If I took another step it would slide the rest of the way down and crash.  So far Megan was still asleep.  So I again held her with just one arm, reached down and grabbed the gate and in the process of trying to get it settled leaning against the wall, I woke Up Megan.

I walked her back to her room and rocked her for afew seconds and she drifted back off to sleep.  I stood up and started walking to the crib when I realized I hadn&apos;t lowered the side of the crib when I got her earlier (she was standing up remember). Now I can&apos;t lay a sleeping child over the side of the crib and gently on the matrices because  Basically I can get her over  it but I&apos;d have to drop her the last few inches because my arms aren&apos;t long enough.  So again I try to hold a sleeping child in one arm and lower  the bar with the other.  The bar actually requires 2 hands to lower.  So again I woke her up.  I&apos;m not sure how but I did manage to lower the bar and get her in bed, but as I left the room she started crying again.  Went ahead and left.  and after a few minute she did manage to put her self back to sleep.  but she was not very happy about it.

She slept til almost nine this morning.  I wish I could have slept longer too!
