---
layout: post
title: "3 things..."
date: 2003-12-31
slug: 2003-12-31-1
---

if bad things happen in 3&apos;s i&apos;m in trouble. 

First off this morning I placed a pyrex baking pan above the fridge while I went out to the garage for step stool.  Jack was out there feeding the dogs and ask me to get him the open can of food since I was heading back in.  I went into the kitchen, put down the stool opened the fridge and wham the dish fell on my head the crash it shattered into a million pieces on the floor.  Megan was on the other side of the island.  Jack came in and grabbed her, while I started cleaning up the mess.

About an hour later.  Megan was strapped in the car for our trip up to San Francisco to go to the California Academy of Science - last day at the old building.  ( they are moving to temp housing and then in 2008 they will move back to golden gate park into brand new building).  Anyway, Jack came out and hung out with Megan while I ran in to get something I forgot.  Then I jumped in the car and backed out of the car - and crash - I smashed the front of Jack&apos;s civic.  I&apos;m sure he&apos;ll get some pictures of the damage up soon.  My car has a little scratch and I think its really paint transfer from his car and not actually a scratch.  His car runs fine so it appears to just be body damage.  I just forgot that the car was there and couldn&apos;t see it as I backed out.

I was so sure that some thing worse was going to befall me. But we made it to the city and back with out further incident. So I&quot;m kind of holding my breath. 


