---
layout: post
title: "Maui and Home"
date: 2003-11-13
slug: 2003-11-13-1
---

We had a great time, but I&apos;m as always glad to get home.  Now Jack is off to Austin where he is giving a speech at a conference.  

While in Maui we enjoyed the sun.  Megan Loved the beach but wasn&apos;t thrilled with Sand.  She enjoyed the feel of the waves and floating in the salt water and even enjoyed drinking the salt water.  We swam every day at the pool at the hotel, Megan enjoyed fish watching so much we went several times to the Aquarium which if your ever in Maui is worth a visit.  Jack and I took turns snorkeling Molokini, where I saw a white tip Shark and followed it for a few minutes.  Then I looked up to find someone to show it and when I looked back it was gone.  While Jack snorkeled the next Day Megan and I went on a submarine ride.  That&apos;s when I remembered I get motion sick when I go down below on a boat!  Actually it wasn&apos;t that bad, just a little head ache and woozy feeling.  We saw a stingray and lots of fish, sea urchins and a couple of divers.  Jack enjoyed a massage that evening, and we finally watched a movie with Pam and Yvonne after Megan went down - we saw &quot;The Core&quot;  The next day we went for a morning drive, then I got a hot rocks massage, while Jack and Megan explored a local&apos;s beach.  Then that afternoon after lunch I enjoyed some time on the beach reading while Jack and Megan caught Monday night Football.  After a morning back at the Aquarium, we headed home, but not before having some apples confiscated by the Hawaiian agricultural inspector at the airport.

