---
layout: post
title: "Origin of Hell"
date: 2003-08-01
slug: 2003-08-01-1
---

I&apos;ve been having discussions - so to speak with Sam and Robin about Hell because Sam was wear a shirt that said &quot;Real Fear&quot; on the front and then quoted a bible verse - Luke 16:23 &quot;And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments,&quot; on the back.

  I first thought that there had been a typo but I realize now this is just King James. The first version of this I found was not King James and they refered to hell as Hades which is from mythology and not really hell as in the christian since of hell.  Robin said hades and hell were the same which made me think about the origins of hell.  

I remember from bible as lit class in college that the concept of the devil and hell were added to the bible late in the game but not remember the exact story behind it I looked it up and found the following online:

&quot;The Origin of Hell as a Place of Punishment
By Robert M. Price 

The earliest records of ancient religions in Israel, Babylon (now Iraq), and Greece all refer to a place where the souls or &quot;shades&quot; of people who have died go to stay. This was often depicted as somewhere deep underground. But the idea that this land of the dead was reserved to punish wrongdoers didn&apos;t arise until some time in the first millennium BC, in tandem with the belief that this subterranean world housed an infernal (lower, inferior) god. Initially, this underground world was sometimes a place where greater gods banished lesser gods. The anti-god Ahriman, for example, of the ancient Persian religion of Zoroastrianism (7th-6th century BC), took up residence beneath the Earth in the House of the Lie, amid every sort of filth and stench, after being defeated by the supreme god, Ahura Mazda. Ancient Israelite religions depicted Belial, a demon god, as Lord of the Abyss, an undersea pit. Likewise, Moloch, a god to whom child sacrifices were made throughout the ancient Middle East, was Lord of a subterranean kingdom of flaming lava. Eventually most of these devil-realms were combined with Sheol (the &quot;Grave&quot;), making this Near East concept of a depository of ghosts a place of torment. The Old Testament describes Sheol as a dark and dusty city with high, impregnable walls and barred gates--a place of no return for both good and bad souls. Not until the 6th century AD did Catholic Christianity modify the Sheol concept, articulating a vision of Hell (an Old English word meaning &quot;covered place&quot;) that has endured to modern times: a place where the sinful are sent to burn in eternal fire. The Bible lacks any explicit statement about Satan ruling Hell, however. It was other early Christian writings that assigned him the role of Hell&apos;s warden. &quot;

A lot of the stories of the bible are from mythology that preceded the writing and formation of the bible.  These stories had been taken from the common man&apos;s mythology in order to bring them into the Christian faith. Its like Christmas - Christian placement of christ&apos;s birth at the winter solstice  was to incorporate the pagan celebrations of the winter solstice  - the tree, and yule log etc are all originally from pagan traditions, but that alas is another blog...

