---
layout: post
title: "annoying movie goers"
date: 2003-12-07
slug: 2003-12-07-1
---

Yesterday I saw the Last Samurai - Jack reviewed it enough on his blog, I&apos;d just say it was entertaining but not phenomenal As Oprah would have you believe.  It was a tad hokie (like Far and Away and the damn putting the flag in the ground scene).  I sat next to 2 gentleman who for the 30 mins before the show entertained me with gruesome conversation about what could happen to their families in the event of a fire in the house and how each one would attempt to escape.  These guys really got into what would happen with little Kara couldn&apos;t break the glass in the window.  They also talked about security system and doors and seemed to think a army of visigoths were waiting to break in any minute and they really needed to fortify.  

Once the movie started one of the men felt he needed to explain the reasoning behind every scene to his friend.  This was the same man who when they sat down asked me and everyone around us if we would shut off our cells (this I applauded).  But then to turn around and be so damn annoying through out the film!  Just as I would get swept up in some scene he would open his big mouth and explain why we should care.    I did finally ask him to shut up - I even said he was ruining the suspension of Disbelief which he gave me a look like he didn&apos;t know what the hell I was talking about and then he just changed from normal speaking to a very loud whisper.  I finally got up and moved.  And enjoyed the ending without any additional commentary.  Don&apos;t you just hate annoying people!
