---
layout: post
title: "Why vote against Bush.."
date: 2004-07-22
slug: 2004-07-22-1
---

OK I&apos;m a Kerry Supporter.  I am Democrat, I&apos;m very liberal, probably more so than Kerry.  I was po&apos;d when Bush was appointed president, and I probably was never willing to give him a chance.  He is a moron and I couldn&apos;t believe he was our president.  I lived in a fantasy of Martin Sheen&apos;s character being our real president...Until 9/11 when I had to accept that Bush was it, and I even started supporting him, because I was so horrified at what had happened and I wanted a leader to unite us and make us strong.  

I read many many blogs, and the following is a bit I stole from a  [ liberal one ](http://www.thisistheshit.org/)  that I wanted to share.  It summed up my current feelings on Bush&apos; job as president beautifully. 

&quot;I&apos;ve now had four years to evaluate his job performance.  He has taken a budget surplus and pissed it away to his rich friends.  He has taken a surplus of global goodwill and wiped his ass with it.  He has started a war against a country that has never attacked us, and benefits no one except an elite hand-picked group of his corporate friends.  He has encouraged companies to ship American jobs overseas.  He has turned American against American.  He has turned the entire world against us.&quot;

Bush really had a chance to win me over and he blew it.  His whole bloody cabinet blew it.  And that is why I&apos;m voting against Bush.  I really don&apos;t know much about Kerry, but he&apos;s definitely getting my vote.  There is no way he is as bad as Bush for America.

