---
layout: post
title: "Media musings"
date: 2004-08-27
slug: 2004-08-27-3
---

Megan is napping late today - so I&apos;m getting to watch the evening news for a change.

Brian Williams is wearing way too much make up tonight - its dripping on his face.. .I wonder what he is hiding.  I think he spent too much time in a tanning booth - man he looks funny!

Bush apparently admits he &quot;made a miscalculation in the condition of post war Iraq&quot; - well about time W!

Greenspan is looking old... thats a scary thought.  He&apos;s warning baby boomers the government won&apos;t be able to support them in old age in the manner their parents were accustom to. It was a quick blurb, on a subject that really should be elaborated on.

More on the Swift boats.  I guess now Bush is saying he believes Kerry served and served well.  Guess that&apos;ll be the end of that now... yeah right.  I&apos;m still confused - Kerry Volunteered and Served his country, and uh W... well were was he... Daddy was keeping him safe, while he partied.  If military service is the issue than Kerry should win hands down.  Come on - what am I missing.

Now a story on how people wearing anti-bush shirts got arrested at a Bush rally.  Glad they caught the arrest on camera - proves they weren&apos;t being disruptive and went away with the police peacefully - the should easily win there lawsuit.  Its a scarey police state we live in if you can&apos;t even wear a t-shirt against W ... I don&apos;t want to imagine the damage Jack and I are doing to our selves just by blogging.

that&apos;s all folks - only 30 mins of blurbs ending with the medal ceremony for the Woman&apos;s soccer.  What a great moment for all women in America!






