---
layout: post
title: "Busy couple of days..."
date: 2004-08-27
slug: 2004-08-27-1
---

Don&apos;t know how I did it but Megan and I have had such a busy few days.  This whole week actually.  Today is no different.  We&apos;re meeting playgroup at Kennedy park in Hayward and I&apos;m online right now to figure out where it is.. instead of course I&apos;m blogging.  Then we&apos;re meeting up with Pam and Josephine to whom we haven&apos;t seen in over a month.  I spent the morning stripping beds and straightening the house for the cleaning people to come in and deep clean.  

  I think adding the urine tests to Sadie&apos;s regime and the insulin shots have add stress to my days.  We finally figured out that if we lock her in for a few hours before the test she&apos;ll usually comply and pee in our presence.  But she is getting wise to me and the plastic dish and she usually tries to hold it if I&apos;m walking around behind her with the dish.  She seems to be doing very well, but will probably revolt when on monday she has to have a blood draw every hour and there for will have to spend the day at the vets office.  First though we&apos;ll torture her with a trip to the groomers tomorrow She must have clean underwear for her trip to the ER :)

Megan has been such a trooper.  Yesterday I dragged her to Palo Alto to have lunch with a friend.  We stopped at the Palo Alto Children&apos;s museum and zoo which is so cool, but was so crowded yesterday with big kids who pushed poor Megan around.  One boy in particular - I think he was about 10 acted as though he was going to smack Megan when she hit a button on the exhibit he was playing with.  Had I not been right there to yell when he pulled back his arm to strick I&apos;m sure he would have.  His anger was so visible on his face and down right scary to see in one so young.  And  his parent was no where to be found.   

Megan had no idea why I yelled and needed some serious cuddle time after.   I talked with the woman at the front desk as we left and she suggested we come back in 2 weeks when all the local schools are back in session.  

