---
layout: post
title: "Delta loosing battle"
date: 2004-07-24
slug: 2004-07-24-1
---

I thought today was the going to the be the day Delta tried to win me back, and it started out really well, I checked in well enough, the gentleman working the delta curb check in was really nice, but then I boarded the plane - 30 mins late, followed by and extended delay at the gate.  Turned out we were on Song, Delta&apos;s answer to Jetblue, so the TV at the seat was nice, but when the pilot taxied out a little girl got injured and we had to go back to the gate, wait for the EMT&apos;s to come and check her out, then over an hour for them to bring us an unopened first aid kit.  We were finally off, and the rest of the flight was fine.  Oh but I forgot to mention the worst part - NO A/C.  The plane was hot sitting at the gate in Atlanta, Hot taxi-ing to the runway and back again hot sitting at the gate waiting for the first aid kit, hot taking off, hot in the air and  - you guessed it HOT landing.  It was miserable.  Megan fell asleep during take off so the heat was good for something, but the (*&^#$*  pilot came on about 30 mins out to tell us there was a delay and he had to circle around st pete to get into Tampa and the (*&$*$( speaker was on way to loud and woke her up -- not the HAPPY Megan everyone loves but a very tired cranky annoyed Megan who proceeded to cry all the way to tampa, all the way to the ground and all the way to the gate.  

So that&apos;s 3 strikes against DELTA, the ticket fiasco, flying to atlanta and now flying to Tampa.  At least we have a break before we have to fly them home.

PS - note to Jack I still can&apos;t email out. :(

