---
layout: post
title: "Run Run Run Run We Run around..."
date: 2004-11-01
slug: 2004-11-01-2
---

Tonight Megan and I had a busy time of it.... Sadie went into the vet this morning for a blood Glucose Curve basically a 12 hour blood test, to monitor how she does on her current dose of insulin.  Jack dropped her off before heading to the airport for a week&apos;s conference in New Orleans.  

Megan woke from her nap at 5 as usual.  Only now 5 is sundown and very dark.  Megan and I headed out to run a few errands, then we went out to dinner to  [ Pizza Italia ](http://www.muttmansion.com/wiki.cgi?RestaurantPizzaItalia)  were Megan ate a whole mini pizza and I had the eggplant parmesan sandwich.  By the time we finished there it was 6:30.  Sadie was supposed to have her last test at 6:30 or so I had been told, so we headed to the vet.  We got stopped by a very long train so we didn&apos;t make there till 7 only to be told Sadie needed her last test at 7:30.  I informed the very nice girl that that wouldn&apos;t do since I had a small child (currently tearing up there dog and cat toy displays, and no help.)  The vet was summoned and offered  to move up the test.  Meanwhile all the food and medicine I&apos;d ordered over a week ago for Sadie were in.  So on top of the 80 dollars for the days blood test Sadie cost an additional 420 in food and medicine (the largest being her Pancreazyne which runs $140 a bottle (I usually order 2 at a time as one lasts a month) ... so I paid and then.... They brought out frantic to get  the hell out of there Sadie, which Megan was so delighted to see and we managed to get 2 30lb bags of dry food,one case of canned food, and other meds out to the car... only and here&apos;s the best part.... I&apos;m currently driving Jack&apos;s itty bitty commute care of a Civic Hybrid.  So Megan and Sadie were the back seat, Megan&apos;s stroller is the trunk, so everything else had to go in the front with me.  This took some doing since I keep a supply of things to keep Megan happy in the front seat of the car for easy access while driving.  This was all thrown on the floor and the piles of stuff was put in the seat.  And home we drove.  If you&apos;ve never driven in a car with a neurotic dog, Sadie cried all the way home thankful to be out of there and frantic for both bathroom (our yard) and dinner.

On a side note her insulin has been lowered to 13 units as she had a mild low blood suger crash in the after noon.  Good news is no new tests for a month!

Now its 8 pm Megan is in the bath I&apos;m blogging (and checking email)  while sitting on the floor and Sadie is happily eating dinner.  Its going to be a late night for us, but worth it to have &quot;sa De&quot; Home
