---
layout: post
title: "Day one Home to Redding - total travel in constant rain 5 hours -"
date: 2004-11-11
slug: 2004-11-11-1
---

 We headed out at 10:30 am with Megan chilling with Nemo, and Sadie apprehensive in back.  We made incredible time through the bay area.  No holdups or slow downs at the 580 turn off, or through the Oakland mess before i new it we were at Vallejo and it as barely past 11.  Too early for lunch (my original plan was to stop at Olive garden here) we drove on.  By now though it was raining fairly steadily. 

We got to Vacaville and the Nut Tree at close to noon and in need of both gas, food, and potty break we got off.  First i  drove around to see all the options found both a gas station with a bit of grass, and a Italian cafe, both proved perfect.  After lunch we headed across the street to Petco, where Megan ran around, Sadie freaked out and I bought Sadie a Nylabone and a dog tag with my cell phone number on it.  We were back on the road by 2.  

I had realized at some point that I&apos;d forgotten Sadie&apos;s open bottle of food enzyme (with measuring spoon), Pee collection container,  and can opener, along with baby shampoo and soap for Megan so at our next potty break we found a Long&apos;s Drugs and procured all these things.  Once we were back on the road I then realized that while I had now a brand new flat square rubbermaid container to catch Sadie&apos;s pee in I&apos;d forgotten to bring the testing strips!

We got to Redding at just after 4 and found  [the hotel](http://www.laquinta.com) .  Megan and I checked in and when we went out to get Sadie, I used our new container and popped the lid back on it to store for later.  After moving the first load of stuff up 2 flights with dog and toddler in tow, we went back out and found a drug store where we got the diastix and a new set of crayons for Megan as her set found there way out and under the car in one of those annoying mishaps when you open the door in the rain and everything falls out.  Back at the hotel we all made it back upto the room with another pile of stuff. Sadie ate, and I ordered a &quot;pee-ta&quot; for Megan and myself.  We made another trip down for a potty break for Sa before dinner arrived.  By then Megan full of gold fish only had a 1/3 of one piece (not much if you&apos;ve ever seen her eat her favorite food).  Megan had her bath, and at the end of it I climbed in and had a shower much to her delight.

We hung out then playing.  One more potty break for Sadie, then Megan finally crashed on the bed next to me while I watched CJ Craig take over Leo&apos;s Job.  I got Megan moved into the Pac-N-Play (which she is alittle to long for now), and it was lights out by 11.  Now its 3 am and I&apos;m writing out this blog nervous about visions of snow chains and the drive tomorrow... or rather today.
