---
layout: post
title: "round round round round"
date: 2004-12-19
slug: 2004-12-19-2
---

We get around.... We&apos;ve been busy lately.  Friday night Jack and I met up with our friends Simone & Marti for dinner and drinks before they head back to Australia for a 3 week holiday.  It was a wonderful dinner at  [ Straits Palo Alto](http://www.straitsrestaurants.com/)  and great conversation.  We are all the type of friends that no matter how much time elapses we are able to just pick up and have a great time.  

Megan got to see her lovely babysitter again, but on sight she burst into tears.  Not ready for mommy to leave.  She got over it quickly though and had a great night.

Yesterday while Jack and Megan did a makeup class at the gym, I did some shopping and went to see a movie.  Once home we all enjoyed an abbreviated viewing of Shrek then Megan took a nap while I tried making pizza dough in the kitchen aid.  A great success! we had a quick dinner before heading over to Erika & Colin&apos;s Christmas party.  Megan kept me pretty much tied to the baby&apos;s room playing with all her different toys, so I spent the evening chatting with other parents.  I&apos;m sure Jack&apos;s take was different as he got to socialize more with the adults.  It was a wonderful party though and a great chance to don Santa hats and warm colorful sweaters.  Next year we will even try the after party Caroling adventure.

That brings us to this morning where Jack and I are enjoying dueling laptops and coffee in bed while Megan sleeps in.
