---
layout: post
title: "day three Eugene to Portland - total travel time 5 hours - Ill explain in post"
date: 2004-11-12
slug: 2004-11-12-4
---

So Eugene was heaven.  I&apos;m absolutely in love with Oregon and with Eugene even more so.  Its my new some day I&apos;ll live here place.  Oregon is the most beautiful state i&apos;ve ever visited.  It&apos;s like the black hills of South Dekota without the slaughter houses of Siox falls.  We spent the morning waiting for Megan to wake up.  She finally did at 8:40 so we managed to get breakfast at the hotel before heading out for a long walk along the river.  Sadie chased some mallards and Megan who was holding the leach took a tumble and bumped her head and scrapped some fingers.  

We finished our walk loaded up the car and headed to a local mall with a borders.  I got a  [book on tape](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0385721420/qid=1100312295/sr=2-1/ref=pd_ka_b_2_1/102-4923500-4664142)  and Megan picked out some more Dr Seuss board books.  We then walked around the mall and stumbled upon a fed-ex man using the mall map.  I teased him &quot;I thought you guys knew where everything is!&quot;  he joked back... I&apos;m new here from florida &quot;that explains the shorts&quot; I called back - realizing that it was in the mid 40&apos;s and the guy was in short sleeves and shorts.

We then headed out but first drove around Eugene city proper to finish my falling in love.

We stoped in Salem for lunch and found an Olive Garden.  The parking lot had a nice grassy area so I tied up Sadie to the outside of the car and we headed in.  I was a bit worried when people parked and blocked my view but Sadie was fine.

We made a quick stop at one of the wonderful drive through coffee house&apos;s here in the Pacific Northwest  and headed North.  Once we got into Portland though Traffic slowed to a crawl.  (this accounted for about an hour of our trip) Enough time for me to decide to change hotels as the one I picked was by the convention center down town and not on our way out of town. So I switch reservations.  I got off I-5 at the first available exit and took surface streets through town.  I found some really cute areas, and overall I like Portland. 

The hotel I chose turned out to be by the airport, nice but not a great area.  We had ample time to explore this area because we came at it funny and I couldn&apos;t find the hotel - this accounted for about an hour of our travel time.We look out onto the back of a metal shop.  But the pool was great.  They are alot my lenient about dogs... I&apos;ve left Sadie in the room several times and no one seems to mind.  She of course is happy not to follow us around when potty breaks are not the object.

We ordered dinner from  [Delivered Dish](http://www.d-dish.com/)  one of the waiters on wheels deals.  I decided on Mexican and Megan enjoyed her left over Edameme along with quesdilla, and some &quot;happy&quot; chocolate cake.  I had a burrito and my second beer from last night (Ami&apos;s juice)




