---
layout: post
title: "a gross but productive day"
date: 2004-02-07
slug: 2004-02-07-1
---

Saturday dawned to early for my taste.  I&apos;m such a night owl and Megan is morning girl.  So she of course one and I stumbled out of bed.  Jack had to go to work today, so Megan and I braved Saturday Gymboree which we will never do again.  There were 18 kids there and most seemed to have both parents with them.  When it came time for parachute time there was no room for us and we had to squeeze in between 2 non english speaking moms.  Megan had fun but she was so scared of the large group of kids she was clingier than ever before.  

We headed home and I got it in my head to find the filter for our heater.  Thats right I had to find the filter.  We have lived in the house 8 years and we have never even thought to change it.  Jack&apos;s allergies have been really bad lately and even I had been feeling congested but the cold never seemed to come.  So I&apos;ve been racking my brain trying to think of what could possible be the cause.  I saw on the DIY network a how to maintain your furnace and BINGO light bulb went off.  I took off the cover of the in-take and was amazed, but not shocked at the 2 inches of dust and dog hair that blanketed the tunnel.  I pulled down the filter and realized that it was packed with crude.  I quickly bagged it and then Megan and I went to the hardware store to buy a replacement.  

The replacement was the easiest part.  The guy cut me one to size in a bright blue and laughed because our old one used to be blue but was black.  We got home and I vacuumed the intake area, put in the new filter, put back on the cover and started it all up again.

So now we shall see if allergies improve.  I&apos;m thinking its time for a new heater since we currently have the original one and our house was built in 1975.  
