---
layout: post
title: "What a day this has been"
date: 2004-07-22
slug: 2004-07-22-2
---

Megan has been having a marvelous time here, but she hasn&apos;t been sleeping enough. So last night after she went down, she woke back up at 12 and was up for 2 hours before she just cried it out.  Today she was her usually happy self, as we went on boat ride with all the kids that here and some of the adults.  She came back for a nap and I while I was exhausted from sun and fun and lack of sleep, headed out the 25 min ride to Seneca to get fixings for dinner, and some blank CD&apos;s for a personal music project.

All was well, Found a staples, and shopped at Ingles, and then on the way out to put the groceries in the car I noticed the rental had a flat.  I called Carlos who told me where the closest service station was to me, and I headed to a Shell, however they only had air and no actual service station stuff.  

I tried the air and nothing,  I could hear the air coming out as I tried to get the air to go in.  I called Hertz and they tried to locate me on a map, and then determined that the closest service station they could use was in Clemson, a town away.  So I waited 30 mins and called Jack to tell him I wouldn&apos;t be back for dinner with the gang.

My two rescuers arrived and spent a few minutes trying to figure out how to get the spare tire out from under the back of the SUV, while I got to &quot;enjoy&quot; views backsides as their pants were creeping south and more than anyone one should see was showing.  All was well though, they replaced the tire and took the flat with them, for me to pick up tomorrow.  All in all it was an OK experience.  The lady working the Shell mini-mart sold me a cooler and gave me free ICE for my cold foods, and when I returned to Lake Keowee Dinner had already been served and it was delicious!  Tom, Carlos&apos;s son-in-law had made a wonderful Moroccan stew and a chick pea stew with Cous Cous, that and the Sangria and I was much relieved of my evenings troubles.  I am absolutely exhausted though so Its off to bed for me, and hopefully Megan will sleep through the night.

