---
layout: post
title: "our girl"
date: 2004-06-11
slug: 2004-06-11-1
---

Its been so hard loosing Ripley.  Harder than I imagined it would be, mainly because I was so unprepared for it.  No warning, she just went down hill so fast.  No time to accept that it was happening.   Even while she was dying I still expected her to get up and leave the room with us.  Now a couple of weeks later, I look for her and expect to find her.  On the sofa sunday night while we were watching &quot;Sopranos&quot;, I left room for her by Mel and sat on one of the side chairs, until I realized she wasn&apos;t there and I could moved to the more comfortable sofa.  

Even though her ashes are on the mantel and I haven&apos;t heard the click click click of her paws in the hall, I still felt like she&apos;s going to be coming home soon, like she just out digging up mole holes. 

Last night Jack was out and I went to bed alone in bed for the first time since Face died, and Sadie refused to cuddle for more than her usual 2 mins while hyperventilating, and t just really hit me that Silly Face is gone.   Anyone who has suffered a loss knows what we are going through, you start to forget they are gone and the remember and then feel the loss fresh again.  

After my mom died I kept picking up the phone to call her and tell her some little thing, and then I&apos;d realize, sometime when dad would answer and sometimes before I even dialed the number. It&apos;s hard accepting those we love are gone.  But we&apos;re better for having known  and love them.
 
