---
layout: post
title: "Meaning of LIBERAL"
date: 2004-08-08
slug: 2004-08-08-1
---

  [Definition:](http://www.hyperdictionary.com/dictionary/liberal) 
[n]  a person who favors a political philosophy of progress and reform and the protection of civil liberties 
 [n]  a person who favors an economic theory of laissez-faire and self-regulating markets  
[adj]  tolerant of change; not bound by authoritarianism, orthodoxy, or tradition  
[adj]  showing or characterized by broad-mindedness; &quot;a broad political stance&quot;; &quot;generous and broad sympathies&quot;; &quot;a liberal newspaper&quot;; &quot;tolerant of his opponent&apos;s opinions&quot;  
[adj]  not literal; &quot;a loose interpretation of what she had been told&quot;; &quot;a free translation of the poem&quot;  
[adj]  given or giving freely; &quot;was a big tipper&quot;; &quot;the bounteous goodness of God&quot;; &quot;bountiful compliments&quot;; &quot;a freehanded host&quot;; &quot;a handsome allowance&quot;; &quot;Saturday&apos;s child is loving and giving&quot;; &quot;a liberal backer of the arts&quot;; &quot;a munificent gift&quot;; &quot;her fond and openhanded grandfather&quot; 
[adj]  having political or social views favoring reform and progress  

Why anyone would choose not to be defined as the above is beyond me.  Why liberal has become a bad word is some parts of this country is also beyond me.  Today while I was getting gas and guy pulled in behind me, he was nicely dressed and had a cross pin on his tie.  Because it is  sunday I&apos;m assuming he was either coming or going to church.   He smiled at me and nodded his head. 

Then after he&apos;d started pumping gas he looked over toward me and noticed the Kerry-Edwards bumpersticker. He leaned down and  proceeded to tell the woman in the car with him that a &quot;f..ing liberal&quot; was ahead of them and could she believe the gall of someone to not support this country during a war.&quot;  Thankfully  I was done pumping and just left.  I really don&apos;t want to confront people, especially when they make such a negative conclusion about me based solely on a bumpersticker supporting the democratic candidate for president.  

I do wonder though what is so terrible about being labeled tolerant, and being for the protection of civil liberties.
