---
layout: post
title: "Day Two - Redding to Eugene Oregon - Total Travel 5 1/2  hours"
date: 2004-11-11
slug: 2004-11-11-2
---

This day started out early.  Megan was up at 4:30 and no amount of pleading would get her to go back to sleep.  She woke up crying saying &quot;gogo Da Da&quot;  So we were up and ready to go at 6 (which was when breakfast was ready at the hotel) .  After packing up the room, we got hooked in the live action cat in the hat movie on HBO and ended up chilling until 9.  We packed up the car and were out of Redding by 9:45... after a stop at Dutch Brother Coffee house ... for a triple latte for me.  

Megan napped through most of Lake Shasta/Mount Shasta area... which was gorgeous.  There was a bit of road construction and a few single lanes with trucks.  We stopped at a vista point so Sadie could pee which had so much fog it had no view and later stopped at a rest stop by a river that was beautiful.  We still managed to pull into Oregon around 11.  We headed onward stopping for lunch at Grants Pass.  Our next potty break was a lowes in Roseland, which had a grassy bit for &quot;De&quot; and the first actual changing table I&apos;d found since the bay area!

I decided to stop at Eugene and make tomorrow a short driving day.  We found the La Quinta to be wonderful - free internet Access, then its on a river and has a beautiful big park next door, and finally it has an indoor pool.  We made a stop at  [Trader Joes](http://www.traderjoes.com)  for a quick and easy dinner (complete with 2 beers for me - I should sleep tonight!)

Megan played with the clock in the room so I fed Sadie an hour early... she didn&apos;t mind.  Now we&apos;re waiting for 7 to walk Sadie once more before Bath.   Tomorrow we&apos;re going to explore Eugene a bit in the morning, including a trip to Borders to get me a book on tape (so I don&apos;t have to listen to Emo or Elmo Or Bear any more) and then we&apos;re off to Portland where I already reserved us a room at  the La Quinta Downtown, since it&apos;s friday and gosh darn the only room availble has spa tub... Megan is demanding my attention so I must sign off.
