---
layout: post
title: "In Atlanta"
date: 2004-07-16
slug: 2004-07-16-1
---

We arrived in Atlanta, 15 mins early.  I managed to get Megan, her car seat, our 50lb carry bag and the stroller all the way to the Rental car counter.  We upgraded our car to a SUV, found a sky  cab and he helped me get our 4 checked bags to the shuttle bus to the Hertz land.  The driver of the bus dropped us off at the car, loaded all our bags and even helped me get the darn car seat installed.  We then headed the mile back to the airport and went about one mile beyond to the hotel.  Embassy suites is by reputation a fairly nice chain.  This one is a tad ragged around the edges, and not as clean as I would normally like, but I&apos;m tired and I don&apos;t really care. 

So tomorrow we&apos;ll head off to SC to visit with the Luria/Bolduc/Herrington/Gehrt/etc family reunion! 
We&apos;ll probably goto the zoo tomorrow while we&apos;re waiting for Aunt Marcia to arrive at 4.  

Now onto the our flight.  Lets just say that I won&apos;t be traveling on Delta again after this trip.  I may have to if I loose my battle to get reimbursed for being over charged, but after all that is tied up I&apos;m avoiding Delta form now on! 

First was the whole being way over charged for our tickets and them not wanting to credit back the difference but offering me &quot;travel Vouchers&quot;  This I&apos;ve already blogged about.  Then when we got to the airport and the plain started boarding the gate attendant wouldn&apos;t let me board till our row was called.  So they boarded 1st class then starting in the back the loaded row by row (actually zone by zone) we were in the row at the front of the plain one up from 1st which mean we were the last to board.  I have to have the stroller gate checked, get Megan and our 50lb carry bag and her car seat to our seat.  Car seat then has to be installed, Megan installed in that ... and we&apos;re the last on the blooming plane.  Every other airline has me board first, to spread things along - but not Delta, oh no they must make my life as complicated as possible.  

The flight for the most part was uneventful, but I noted that they are now charging for food on Delta - paying extra for airplane food- have you ever heard of anything so ridiculous?  This meant that food service took over twice as long as on any other flight.  I chatted with one of the flight attendants about it while waiting for the toilet and she said between giving customers menus, putting the menu choices in her hand held computer and dealing with either credit cards or cash,  the whole process takes so much longer for them. 

They didn&apos;t really do anything else to annoy me.  I&apos;m just annoyed about over charge, non early boarding policy.

But hey we&apos;re here and its a whole 8 days till I have to deal with Delta again!
