---
layout: post
title: "rating lies"
date: 2004-10-18
slug: 2004-10-18-1
---

Are all lies the same?  I think not.  There&apos;s a big difference between telling someone they look lovely in a dress you don&apos;t really care for, and lying and making $10,000.  There is also a hugh difference between lying about an extra marital affair and lying about a reason to goto war.  There are some out there that would have you believe all lies are the same, but clearly every lies at some point in there life and not all lies are the same.  No one is perfect.   Lets compare a few lies...

I&apos;ve told a few lies in my life.  I lied to teacher in college about why I hadn&apos;t finished a paper.  I didn&apos;t do well in the class and had to take a semester in summer school, to graduate.  I lied about my weight on my drivers license.  I&apos;m sure I lied to my parents a few hundred times growing up, I can think of a few more that I don&apos;t want to admit to in such a public forum.  I admit it though I&apos;ve lied and I&apos;m not perfect.

Martha lied... she said she didn&apos;t know Imclone was going to fall in price but she sold them just before.  The evidence is fairly straightforward.  She made over $10,000 bucks and well she should be punished.  Recently she was strip searched and she&apos;ll be spending the next 5 months behind bars. - Course she&apos;ll get a book deal out of it and probably make more money than she&apos;s lost in the end.

Bill Clinton lied...He got a few blow job in the oval office, tried to keep it a secret and lied to his wife and the rest of us when he said he hadn&apos;t had a relationship with Monica.  It cost taxpayers $40 Million dollars, and he certainly ended up with a tainted legacy.   Which is too bad because his policies helped balance the budget.  I think he was one of the best presidents  the country had... and I never voted for him.  At the time I didn&apos;t like him so I voted for Bush Sr. and Ross Perot. Hindsight is 20/20 and compared to the current administration, I would vote for Clinton if I could.  

Now lets explore Bush and his administration.  There are too many lies to choose from.  Bush lied and continues to lie to us...about Iraq, about his domestic policies... Check out  [this site](http://www.bushlies.net/pages/10/index.htm)  for a compiled list of his lies.  It&apos;ll save me time since reading it made me nauseous and I couldn&apos;t pick just one example.  The end results are this country is in further in debt leaving it to our children to pay it off.  More people are unemployed then ever before.  This nation is incredibly divided.  The rest of the world has lost respect for us. Over 1000 soldiers have died as a result of his lies. I could go on and on. 
