---
layout: post
title: "OP-ED"
date: 2004-10-10
slug: 2004-10-10-2
---

Excellent  [OP-ED](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A23013-2004Oct10.html)  in the Washington Post on Sunday....

The end really  says it best...

&quot;But in Friday&apos;s debate, Bush made only the most modest concession to the findings of the Iraq Survey Group headed by Charles A. Duelfer that Hussein possessed no weapons of mass destruction. &quot;I wasn&apos;t happy when we found out there wasn&apos;t weapons,&quot; Bush said, &quot;and we&apos;ve got an intelligence group together to figure out why.&quot;


But a president who pushed the country so hard to go to war on the basis of supposedly imminent threats owes his fellow citizens more than a desultory &quot;oops.&quot; That&apos;s why Bush&apos;s refusal to admit mistakes matters. It suggests his belief that voters, even at election time, have no right to a clear and candid explanation of what went wrong, and why.


And when in doubt, the president blames somebody else. Almost all of the war&apos;s supporters believe that the United States put too few troops on the ground to keep order after Hussein&apos;s fall. What did Bush say about this in the debate? He recalled &quot;sitting in the White House looking at those generals, saying, &apos;Do you have what you need in this war?&apos; &quot; and going to the White House basement and &quot;asking them, &apos;Do we have the right plan with the right troop level?&apos; And they looked me in the eye and said, &apos;Yes, sir, Mr. President.&apos; &quot;


Convenient, isn&apos;t it? If we don&apos;t have enough troops in Iraq, it&apos;s the fault of the generals, not of a commander in chief who doesn&apos;t seem to like answers other than &quot;yes, sir.&quot; But in a democracy, voters don&apos;t have to say &quot;yes, sir.&quot; And many of them, like Linda Grabel, are looking for even a smidgen of the humility Bush promised in the debates four years ago but now seems incapable of delivering.&quot;
