---
layout: post
title: "The hatred amendment"
date: 2004-07-14
slug: 2004-07-14-1
---

I&apos;m still trying to figure out how two people of the same sex, who love each other and want to spend the rest of their lives together, will hurt my marriage.  A contract between two people is just a contract.  Why do we need marriages defined by the government.  Church&apos;s can and should define marriages for their parishioners and the rest of us heathens should have the right to define marriage for ourselves.  I never thought I would feel so embarrassed to be heterosexual. 

I am so offended by the Amendment that the republican&apos;s are trying to pass right now.  To put hatred into our constitution is an affront to America, our forefathers, and the constitution itself.  I wish I could take a bigger stand, something more than just  [signing a petition](http://www.moveon.org/unitednotdivided/) , like saying Jack and I will burn our marriage certificate if it passes, for we don&apos;t want to married in a country that does not  treat everyone equally.    I know its not going to pass, but to put it out there is to say that hatred is OK, that THEY have the right to tell us how to live our lives, is wrong.  

If we are not hurting anyone at all, and we are just living our  lives as we choose than WE SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO LIVE WITH AND LOVE AND MARRY OR NOT MARRY WHO WE CHOOSE.


UPDATE: - it failed this morning to pass a procedural vote.  I&apos;m sure it will be back, but maybe there is some hope for common sense.
