---
layout: post
title: "bits I forgot to mention"
date: 2004-07-25
slug: 2004-07-25-2
---

On our flight yesterday, I was so annoyed with Delta I forgot a few points...Megan had a diaper malfunction in the airport and ended up peeing on me.  I had a change of close for her but none for myself so I figured it didn&apos;t matter.  Jack suggested I by a new shirt at the gift shop and I said no.  While waiting for the plane at the gate, I started smelling the pee more and more and decided what the hay I need a shirt from Atlanta.  The shop keeper wouldn&apos;t let me change in back and suggested the rest rooms some 10 gates away, I said forget it - a nursing mother has lost all modesty anyway and just changed right there in the front of the shop!  I think I gave the poor girl a heart attack.

But there were good bits too, Grandpa was waiting for us at the airport, and after we managed to get all the luggage in his car we went back in to have &quot;Din-arr&quot;.  Megan ate and was happy and I had a beer and was cooled down, and relaxed for the long drive to Ocala.  Dad got pulled over in tampa which freaked us both out, me cause I knew he wasn&apos;t speeding and him cause he never gets pulled over- turned out he had his high beams on and was &quot;giving everyone a tan&quot; so said the cop.  We got to the house around 11 and Miss Megan went to bed after a quick bath, and I soon followed (after my delta winge) I think that is everything I wanted to mention.  I&apos;m off to bed.

