---
layout: post
title: "cuteness and stuff"
date: 2005-01-07
slug: 2005-01-07-2
---

Megan and I spent the entire day at home.  In the house too since it rained all day.  We had a friend and his mom over for lunch and then Megan napped, His mom offered to finish the baby blankets I bought material and stuff for back when I was pregnant, I of course jumped on the chance.  She didn&apos;t look for a trip out until evening when she resisted a bath for Jack.  She was especially adorable tonight when she was trying to stay up later. For our first song she cuddled, at the beginning of the second she popped her head up and started talking up a storm.. with a few words I actually got.  It was like she was telling me about her day or some other pleasant experience.  I started rocking her and shhhing her and she laid back down on my shoulder. Then she said very softly in a whisper &quot;mommy&quot; &quot;mommy&quot; ... &quot;Piggies&quot; .. she felt around for my hand and placed it in on her feet - (wanted me to do this little piggy)  I cuddled and shhh&apos;d, said not now, and bit my lip to keep from laughing.

Tonight we played card games.  First up was Xactica which is a little like Spades with alot more cards and while some would say no strategy .. I think the strategy develops as you become aware of how your opponents play and I think it probably takes a few games to really figure it out.  It wasn&apos;t enjoyed by all so we stopped that and started playing muchkin a roll playing game that was a hoot.  took us most of the game to figure it out though.  I&apos;m sure we&apos;ll play it again.

Tomorrow I head to Sacramento to meet a dog.  Will let you know how it goes... later


