---
layout: post
title: "NOW Ill stick my foot in it"
date: 2005-01-21
slug: 2005-01-21-1
---

One of the many blogs I read on a daily basis,  [is of a woman who is trying to have a child](http://zia.blogs.com/wastedbirthcontrol/ ) .  Recently she was pregnant with twin boys and lost one, then was told by her doctor that if she didn&apos;t terminate the other she would lose her life, the other had no chance to live.  That&apos;s about the point I stumbled onto her blog, when she so honestly and openly told her story and then was attacked  by a &quot;troll&quot;  - a right to lifer that seemed to think she knew more than Cecily&apos;s Doctors.  Anyway that&apos;s about the time I started Reading &quot;And I wasted all that birth control...&quot;

Today she has an passionate  [post on a woman&apos;s right to choose.](http://zia.blogs.com/wastedbirthcontrol/2005/01/here_i_go_again.html)   She&apos;s a very articulate writer and makes very good points.

It is an interesting statistic to note that the abortion rate went down during  [during Bush&apos;s ](http://www.courier-journal.com/cjextra/editorials/2004/10/11/oped-stassen1011-5709.html) - why - because Woman say the number one reason to get an abortion as inability to afford the child.  With four years of job losses and cuts to so many social services its no wonder woman feel they can&apos;t afford a child.

The women I&apos;ve known through the years that had an abortion didn&apos;t decide to lightly.  They were wracked with guilt. I&apos;ve never known a woman who used abortion as a simple form of birth control.  Its a big decision, and a medical procedure that leaves scares inside and out.  Its a mistake to think that abortion is an easy answer for a woman, and another mistake to think that making it illegal will make it go away.  It will go back to dark alley&apos;s and fake doctors, with out the medical expertise to guarantee a woman&apos;s safety. 
