---
layout: post
title: "Seperation of Church and State"
date: 2005-06-10
slug: 2005-06-10-1
---

The house currently has a proposal in front of it called the &quot;the Houses of Worship Political Speech Protection Act&quot;. [HR235] The idea behind it is to let tax-exempt churches endorse candidates.  This is led by Walter Jones (Rep from NC) and while he says the bill is about free speech, in private he says &quot;you can&apos;t have a strong Nation that doesn&apos;t follow God&quot; (from a sermon at a conference of <i/>Reclaiming America for Christ)  

<i/>Amendment I

Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.

I thought that  [Pete Stark](http://www.house.gov/stark/)   The reality is I already know this great man is doing everything he can to stop such garbage.  I  have sent him a letter anyway to show him my continued support. 

 [ I urge you all to do the same](http://www.house.gov/) .  Even if you are a Christian, you can&apos;t think getting religion and government to mix is a good idea.  Realize that now it may be your religion that the government wants to endorse, but realize also that you may not, if we follow this road, be allowed to change your mind, and follow a different path from a state sanctioned one.  You may be forced to say follow the teachings of the baptist church, even though you believe more along the lines with the methodist.  There&apos;s just no telling were this type of thinking will take us. The trouble is if you overlook this attack on the cornerstones of American Democracy like Separation of Church and state, then you&apos;ll have no say later when the winds of change go against what you believe.
