---
layout: post
title: "Bet you wish you were me.... NOT"
date: 2005-08-29
slug: 2005-08-29-1
---

Took Megan today to  [the dentist](http://www.youngsmilesca.com/) . This was her second appointment - she went once before 6 months ago.  The first time, though she cried alot, they managed to clean her teeth and all was well.  

So I expected much the same today.  It started out with Megan refusing an x-ray.  This time though she did allow the girl to put the iron blanket on her, but that was it - no film in the mouth.

We moved onto the cleaning room and she sat in my lap with her head on the hygienist lap and she started cleaning, all the while Megan is screaming.  She finishes the top when she started to vomit.  Not alittle spit up but projectile orange juice all over me, the room and of course Megan.  The girl stopped, I cleaned us up the best I could while she got the dentist.  He came in and we got Megan back in position and she started wailing again, he counted her teeth and then managed to clean her bottom teeth before the vomiting returned.  Once she was upright she seemed to calm down so the dentist and I chatted.  All of a sudden Megan pulled back from my shoulder and threw up.  My shirt being a button down the front was slightly opened and Megan being in my lap had been tugging my shirt down.  This last batch of puke when down my shirt and pooled in my bra.  Needless to say, first order of business once we got home was clean clothes and a sponge bath for me.

Don&apos;t you know I&apos;m looking forward to her next appointment in 6 months.
