---
layout: post
title: "eck and yum-oh!"
date: 2005-11-25
slug: 2005-11-25-1
---

Thanksgiving has come and gone.  Wednesday I baked pies and brined the turkey - yes I cooked a turkey this year.  I also made a yummy cranberry sauce which called for pecans.  I was reaching in the pantry looking for the bag when I noticed mouse droppings.  ugh...

I spent the next hour vacuuming and pulling stuff out the pantry.  When I goto the bottom shelf, and pulled back the box of ziplocs - a mouse jumped out at me - I screamed louder than i&apos;ve ever done in my life and jumped back.  After catching my breath I called Jack who agreed to come home at lunch and deal with the mouse in the closet.  I closed the pantry and loaded Megan up in the car, we went out for sushi and hit BevMo.  

When I got home, Jack had finished emptying out the pantry, found the hole and filled it in.  I then spent the next couple of hours sorting through all the food, scrubbing down the pantry and putting it all back together.  Then I made the pies and the Cranberry sauce. 

Thursday morning I woke up and had a quiet morning with Megan, watching the parade ( she loved the big balloons).  Then in the early afternoon, I got the bird in the oven, chopped stale bread and lots of veggies for the stuffing, and made all the other yummy stuff.

The bird came out beautifully.  I kid you not, the drippings made an orgasmic gravy.  I found the  [recipe online so I will share it ](http://www.eatturkey.com/recipe/recipe.cgi/2/11449) .  I made a mushroom gravy for the vegetarians. And we all sat down to a lovely meal.  

We held off on Pie till after the girls went down, but Josephine really wanted to go home, so they took there pie to go.  And Megan exhausted from a hard day of play is still happily asleep.

