---
layout: post
title: "Operator error"
date: 2005-07-16
slug: 2005-07-16-2
---

I know I haven&apos;t shared my love for all things  [Dyson](http://www.dyson.com)  in a while, basically i&apos;ve been thinking that the Dyson wasn&apos;t all that, since while it was incredible in the beginning, lately it hasn&apos;t been doing that great of a job.  The wand was nolonger the powerful hose that could suck a cobweb off the sealing from 5 feet away!  I just wasn&apos;t sure why - and figured that with age it would just not be as powerful. 

Cut to this morning - Jack and Megan and Oso are out getting bagels and i&apos;m using the time to vacuum.  I get to the kitchen and just can&apos;t get the wand to suck up a coffee bean - which use to be an easy suck.  I turn it off and start taking it apart.  

In the tube at the base of the wand where it bends and enters the vacuum proper if found a ball point pen, a water bottle cap, 2 small farm animal toys, a wad of dog hair, and who knows what else.  I removed the big pieces, put the vacuum back together turned it on and whooosh the hair and stuff got sucked right through.  I opened it all back up again and sure enough the hose was clear.  

So the pen I remember vacuuming like 2 months ago.  I looked for it in the tube proper but the vacuum was till sucking at the time so I figured I didn&apos;t actually vacuum the pen but instead had imagined it! 

I spent some time cleaning the brush which like all good roller brushes was covered with hair and string, and then I put the vacuum back together, retraced my steps and well i&apos;m back in love with my Dyson.   The amount of stuff it sucked up was amazing.  

Lesson learned - when you see a pen get sucked into a vacuum don&apos;t assume your seeing things, when you vacuum doesn&apos;t seem to be sucking as well as it had, don&apos;t assume its just getting older.

File this one under stupid Lori Tricks...
