---
layout: post
title: "My most successful party ever!"
date: 2005-02-25
slug: 2005-02-25-1
---

I hosted a baby shower today ... for a very good Friend, Diane.  She&apos;s expecting her second, a girl... in a couple of weeks.  Her first, Scottie is one of Megan&apos;s favorite &quot;guys&quot; and we love hanging out together.  So I hosted her a baby shower tonight and It all worked out so well... We started at 8 pm, Megan actually was asleep by 7:30.  I made fondue, and all the other ladies brought  a dessert to share (and one mom brought cucumber sandwiches which made a great change).  We had Tiramusu, Cheese cake, Banana Cream pie, Strawberry short cake, and fruit puffs.  It was all so delicious.  I had 5 games prepared thanks to  [this site](http://baby-shower-games-etc.com/baby_shower_games.htm) , and I actually picked games no body had played before and everyone.  Different mom&apos;s won, and everyone liked the gifts I had.  Everyone had such a good time and I did as well.

I&apos;ve hosted lots of parties in the past.  Some notable not so successful ones... at least on my part... were Jack&apos;s book Launching Picnic (Another group took over our reserved space at the park, which I let get to me and then the awning I bought wouldn&apos;t go together easily.  Jack&apos;s 35th birthday were I used the worlds smallest grill to cook food for 40 people - way to stressful.  Jack&apos;s 30th party was alright but it was alot of people (30 I think) crammed in to a very small space (the company condo we were living in while we were house hunting.)

I&apos;ve hosted lots of small intimate gatherings, dinner with friends, etc, that I felt were very successful.. but this was my most successful party.  


