---
layout: post
title: "a pain in the neck update"
date: 2005-08-04
slug: 2005-08-04-1
---

I went in today for my one week post-op check up and had a nice chat with my ENT.  Turns out one of my tonsils had been so big from being infected it was in the muscle that makes the uvula.  He had to do some serious digging, and isn&apos;t convinced i&apos;m healing well enough.  Too early to tell, go home he says heal for 2 more weeks (while he has a vacation) and come back, we&apos;ll see then if he needs to go back in and clean the area up.  

I asked  before he looked in my throat and told me the above, if they had been bad enough to warrant having them out and he assured me that they had been, compacted with Tonsilloliths (smelly white tonsil stones) and were also so saturated with a type of bacteria that a normal coarse of antibiotics would have done me no good.  

He assured me I could have more pain meds next week when I run out of my current prescription and that I would need it.  Lovely - don&apos;t you all just wish you were me!

I told him chewing gum was a big help that I found online for working my jaw and allowing me to eat soon after, and that he should share that one with other patients. 

He also apologized when I joked about how Megan was loving all the movies and tv.  

A side note : Megan  had to watch commercials for the first time while being involved in a show - watching a cooking show with me.  She couldn&apos;t understand why I didn&apos;t go &quot;back to cooking&quot; when ever the commercials came on.  Ah to be spoiled in the days of tivo.
