---
layout: post
title: "decisions, decisions, decisions"
date: 2005-01-15
slug: 2005-01-15-1
---

Jack and I have a tough decision to make.  I went up today and picked up Roscoe the great Dane mix for a visit with us and to see how he and Sadie got on.  He&apos;s a great dog, a very laid back personality and very sweet disposition.  What he has going against him is he is big, and drools.  He is 80lbs just like Ripley only its all height.  He stand about table height so his head rest comfortably on any horizontal surface.  He isn&apos;t a drool machine like some dogs breeds I know, but he does have a pretty good amount that occasionally drips off or gets left on pant legs and furniture.  

He was pretty stinky, so I already gave him a bath and he just stood there and let me scrub him.  He cuddled with Jack, but definitely follows me around.  He is really gentle with Megan and allows her to do just about anything.  He loves to clean up all fallen crumbs which since Sadie went blind we haven&apos;t had the pleasure of a floor cleaner.

Oh yeah - he gets car sick - he threw up 6 times on the 2 hour drive.  Course he also just climbed in and laid down and waiting till we stopped, except to throw up.  He hasn&apos;t barked yet  and when we tried to get him to howl (with Sadie, Jack and myself) he just looked at us like we were all dumb.  He just barked for Jack telling him to stay out when Jack tried to come in the garage door.  I think he might not be totally in love with men.

So then there is Oso, a sweet yet slightly older, more high strung dog that loved Jack on sight.  He&apos;s the same size as Sadie, so size is not an issue.  I just called and asked that Oso get a chance to spend the night too.  That way we&apos;ll get to know him after the trainer has left and after he calms down alittle.  
