---
layout: post
title: "30 days to a new you.... maybe"
date: 2005-06-17
slug: 2005-06-17-1
---

I watched the new show  [Supersize Me](http://www.supersizeme.com/) , Morgan Spurlock.  This week he spent 30 days living at minimum wage.  For him and for me watching it was an eye opener to see just how hard it was to make it.  Both he and his girlfriend gave up all their money and moved to Columbus Ohio, where they found an apartment above a crack house for $350 a month rent and multiple jobs, making around 50 bucks a day, working hard.  They ended the month in the red because both of them had to goto the emergency room at once.  

Watching the show made me realize just how much I waste money.  Last night when Megan was in the bath we broke out the soap paints which I bought for 13 bucks.  I didn&apos;t even think about the cost when I bought it.  And then I looked around and realized that Megan&apos;s Shampoo, Conditioner, soup - all brand name and and all told around 20 bucks for the bunch.  Lets not even go into how much I spend on my own  [shampoo](http://www.bumbleandbumble.com/) .  Of course we can afford this lifestyle, we work hard for it, but it does give me pause that there are so many people out there that can&apos;t even afford to have a place to wash, and sleep, while I can take 20 min showers, after soaking in our hot tub.  

It gives me pause, to not only appreciate all that I have, but also to try and help where ever I can. 

Next weeks 30 Days is about a guy who uses steroid to beef up, which doesn&apos;t really excite me, but i&apos;ll keep an eye on it (thanks to TIVO) and see what other ideas Morgan can surprise me with.
