---
layout: post
title: "What to do and Happy new Year!"
date: 2005-12-31
slug: 2005-12-31-1
---

Oso our dear lovely boy is terrified not just of thunder but of rain.  If you seen the news lately you&apos;ll no doubt realize that his life has been a living hell this past week.  Last night during a very windy rain storm, he spent several hour cowering in fear in Megan&apos;s bath tub.  At 3 am I finally couldn&apos;t sleep with his wimpering  and pacing anymore and so I had Jack shut the open sliding door (love that fresh air) while I drug his but into bed and proceeded to cuddle him for over an hour while he shivered in fear.  He finally relaxed and passed out.

So what to do - He&apos;s safe from say April to November when we are sunny every day, but the rest of the year is rain storm after rain storm.  And then there&apos;s the issue of if we ever move - say to Seattle (rainy year round) or back to Miami (never going to happen but...) rainy year round.  What will this poor dog do.

Today we had a windy rainy morning, but by the time I got out of &quot;the producers&quot; it was sunny.  We have a break till the next storm rolls in tomorrow.

And so it is a new year... Jack and I are taking it easy tonight, Jack made a lovely dinner, and then he and Megan made some cookies.  Now we have an open bottle of bubbly,  Megan is asleep, and we played a board game for the first time in a long while for a few hours tonight.  Its been a wonderfully quiet new years eve night.

I&apos;m not usually one to make resolutions, but this year, well since I turned 35, i&apos;ve been making a few.  To get healthier, to eat more bananas ( well more fruit anyway, i&apos;ve never been a fruit eater). basically to take better care of myself.
