---
layout: post
title: "Megans First Movie"
date: 2005-02-19
slug: 2005-02-19-1
---

I took Gee today to see  [Pooh&apos;s Heffalump ](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0407121/?fr=c2l0ZT1kZnxteD0yMHxzZz0xfGxtPTUwMHx0dD1vbnxmYj11fHBuPTB8cT1oZWZmYWx1bXB8aHRtbD0xfG5tPW9u;fc=1;ft=4) movie.  I timed it so we got the the theater at 1:10pm 5 minutes to show time.  We bought our ticket, I had to pay for me, Megan was free. I joked with the girl that that was backward - the movie was for her after all, but the joke was lost.

We went to the snack bar but Megan wanted no &quot;op um&quot; so we headed into the theater.  She ran through the halls and gleefully went in to the theater it self, climbed up to the very last row and sat down, she immediately got up and ran down the stairs and out the theater.  We then sat at a bench in the hall waiting for the movie to start.   We hung out for a few minutes watching people rushing about, before heading back into the theater, and Megan picked a row in the front of the theater.  We sat there for a couple of minutes quietly watching the slides, when Megan jumped up and headed to the next row up, when I joined her she moved up another row, she called me over and asked me to sit with her so I moved again.

She then went back to the original row on the ground so I moved back.  When she next escaped she headed back out to the hallway.  I followed and when she saw the mini snack bar she said &quot;op Um&quot;  we went ahead and got her a kiddie pak (with a soda for me) and we headed back in.  Sat in our original seat and I dug out a smuggled in Juice box for her.  We started in on the popcorn, and waited... for another few minutes.  By the time the move started it was 1:45 a full 30 minutes late.

She was mesmerized by the previews, She loved the very tiring fandago ad and clapped with delight for the THX promo that is also on one of our dvd&apos;s (the one with the robot and the cow moo&apos;er).

Then the movie started.  She climbed up into my lap and we snuggled in and she watched, mouth open, completely enthralled.  She laughed and loved seeing &quot;POOH!&quot;  

She watched the whole movie, moving back into her own chair about half way through.  At the end when the credits started to roll she announced &quot;All Done&quot;.

It was such a wonderful experience to watch her watch the movie.   The first of many, i&apos;m sure.



