---
layout: post
title: "back from South Florida"
date: 2005-03-22
slug: 2005-03-22-1
---

Megan and I drove back up today from down south.  We had a lovely time playing with Jordan,  Hailey, Kelly and Samantha, some of Meemee&apos;s cousins.  I took so few pictures, but then I&apos;m not Jack.  I can&apos;t seemed to remember the camera is in my pocket, or in the diaper bag. So I take alot of shots of her in her car seat as we go places. 

We enjoyed Jordan&apos;s 4th birthday party on Saturday and Hailey&apos;s 1st birthday yesterday.  On Sunday we went to sawgrass Mills, did some shopping and had lunch with Some good friends of Jack and mine from our Miami days.   We then had a quiet afternoon with Robin and her girls.  As it turned out it was one of their dog Jaxon&apos;s last days (he past away today).

Monday Megan and I woke up late and went to  [Butterfly World](http://www.butterflyworld.com/) .  It was wonderful - Megan delighted in all the butterflies around her, enjoyed the Lorikeets who seemed equally enamored with her, and loved feeding the fish.  She completely missed the hummingbirds but notices a few lizards in their enclosure.

We then headed over to Hailey&apos;s birthday party with all the family.  It was a fun afternoon.  And Megan asked to goto bed and slept like a log till 9:30 this morning.

A lovely bonus  was I got to see  [Carnivale&apos;s](http://www.hbo.com/carnivale/)  last 2 episodes because the Hotel had HBO and HBO repeated the previous episode saturday and the new episode Sunday.  I&apos;m sorely tempted to get another hotel room this sunday for the Season Finale.  Maybe I can find a local restaurant that has HBO on - cause this show is getting so good. 




