---
layout: post
title: "it pays to bitch!"
date: 2005-01-17
slug: 2005-01-17-1
---

Our Bosch Oven Convection unit sparked last night and then flamed up and went out.  This happened once before and after 4 months and damaged cabinet it was finally fixed.

I was not looking forward to calling and getting this fixed once again, but we have a service contract on it, so it should be relatively painless. However when I called, they suddenly had a problem with the fact that on agreement form the double oven was listed as a range, and then wanted me to have the people I bought it from fax them a new sales contract with the proper listing of the unit.  This is the 3 service call I&apos;ve had to do on this oven and its never been a big deal before.  Bosch even has it listed as an electric range on the serial number sticker on the side of the oven.  The man said &quot; for quality Assurance, I&apos;m sorry your having difficulty with this request&quot; - what the hell did that mean.  I blew up and then hung up and tried to reach the store I bought the unit from.  

No Answer.  I gave up and Called the service contract people back.  Got a new woman, explained it all again, and she said &quot;let me talk to my supervisor&quot;  She disappeared for all of 10 seconds before saying I&apos;d have to get the original store to fax them the right info.  I lost it - I was really crazed.  And then I asked to talk to her supervisor.  She said sure, put me on hold.  10 mins later she came back, apologized for the delay and said it was all corrected.  She would arrange for a service call.  

Then I got to inform her that I didn&apos;t want the same company that came out before damaged my cabinet and took 4 months between ordering the part and installing it - because they got the wrong part twice.   Not a problem she said.  Suddenly my every wish was being granted.  
