---
layout: post
title: "Howdy from the lone star state."
date: 2005-04-08
slug: 2005-04-08-1
---

Megan and I arrived in Houston yesterday evening.  We had a lovely day, setting off early from grandpa&apos;s after giving him hugs and the dogs some love.  We drove into Tampa and made it to the Aquarium with little trouble.  We had a great time running around and looking at all the fish, turtles, alligators, and all the other swimming creatures they have on display.  We played briefly in the water play area, and then headed over to Channelside for some  [Tapas](http://www.tinatapas.com/) .  unfortunately it wasn&apos;t open for lunch, so we ended up at Bennigans.

After lunch we headed to the aiport which took all of 15 mins dispite my planning an hour for the journey.  A sky cab helped me get my bags to check in.  So we had tons of time to run around the airport.  We settled on the  [toystore - Mindworks](http://www.tampaairport.com/shops/index.asp)  which had ample stuffs on display for us to play with.  A quick trip through security and we ended up waiting at the gate for an hour, which Megan used to check to see if she was the appropriate size to carry on.  They are putting in a neat playground in the now extinct smokers louge, but it wasn&apos;t yet open so we&apos;ll save that adventure for next time.

the flight was fairly easy and uneventful.  I sat next to a nice grandfather who enjoyed Megan&apos;s company as it had been several weeks since he&apos;d seen his grandson.  Megan fell asleep as soon as I started her DVD when we were in the air, and slept  until we started our disent and the changes in pressure woke her.  Needless to say she was alittle cranky when we landed since she saw the DVD player but never actually watched anything on it.  We made it to baggage claim though and She happily got into the big push cart while I loaded all our bags.  

Then the nightmare began.  I pushed Megan, 2 large bags weighing together (and I know this from Check in) 120 lbs, the pack and play, Megan&apos;s car seat, the stroller and the our carry on diaper bags, and dvd player (in case).  I get out the door marked to RENTAL cars, and ask the first person in uniform I see where I go.. she pointed to a bus across the roadway at a island in the middle of taxi hell.  I pushed Megan over and as I approached I notices or rather didn&apos;t see any means of pushing the cart upto the bus.  I pushed the cart all the way around the island all the while the bus driver stared at me.  i pointed to him to let him know I was coming and (to hopefully get his help) which he nodded at and proceeded to stare at me. I then parked Megan in a lane of traffic, infront of a shuttle bus and threw all our bags on to the island in front of the open door of the bus I needed to get on.  THE BUS DRIVER STILL JUST WATCHED ME.  I then maneuvered Megan and the roll cart up and onto the island, and when I turned to repeat the maneuver onto the bus - THE BASTARD ACTUALLY CLOSED THE DOORS AND DROVE AWAY!  I screamed very loadly and very profanely.  It was a moment that couldn&apos;t be helped.  Did I mention the temp was in the upper 80&apos;s so by this time I was sweaty.  Megan thankfully was back to her usual happy self and also thankfully, didn&apos;t decide to copy my use of four letter words.  It was a brief wait for the next bus, at which time a few people offered me words of encouragement, and a very nice very ancient chinese man actually helped me get all the bags on the bus, and the bus driver actually put them all away (without knowing what a better job she was doing than her predecessor.  

The ride to the rental terminal was short and then the whole procedure was repeated unloading everything and putting it all back on a roll cart only this time the cart had no leg holes in the basket for Megan so I had to let her walk and try to control her direction and speed with only my voice. Down an elevator and to the rental desk we went.

The rental car agent was a dimwit who repeatedly asked me the same questions over and over, but it was over quickly and then we headed out a another door and up another elevator to the parking garage.  Our car was parked in C13.  So it could have been worse, but the elite customer parking was the first 2 rows in front of the elevator and the regular shleps like me was all the way at the end of there rows - then we had to goto row c - passed the much closer a and b both of which had models of the exact same car we ended up with... then it was down 13 spots - all the while I&apos;m steering Megan and the cart in the heat.  

Once there i managed to get the car started and thanks to my friend  [Jason&apos;s Deli](http://www.jasonsdeli.com/index3.html)  before heading back to the hotel, where Doodle (OH THANK YOU MY DOODLEBUG) unloaded all our bags on to the hotels roll cart and pushed it all the way to our room.  Then he unloaded all our bags and left them up on the suitcase table so that I didn&apos;t have to lift them again full.  Megan had a quick bath, I unpacked, had a shower myself and then I read her a story, gave her an Eeyore doll for being the best daughter in the world, and we sang ourselves to sleep.  

Today should be a quiet day with nothing in the world to do.  We are going to use the pool and nap.
