---
layout: post
title: "Tonsils"
date: 2005-07-16
slug: 2005-07-16-1
---

I have  [Chronic cryptic tonsillitis.](http://www.medicinenet.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=7438)   I&apos;ve had it for years and finally went to a doctor about it in January of 2002, but got pregnant with Megan in February and have just been putting up with them ever since.  So now I&apos;m having them out - well not now but in a few weeks.  I went back to the same doctor last month and he agreed it was time.  The trouble is I&apos;ve had now a month to stress about the pain.  

When I had my gallbladder out I went from thinking I was having horrible gas, to having my sister in law Jen, who was visiting say that&apos;s what she thought I had, to the ER after passing out from the pain, to surgery all in a matter of days.  I didn&apos;t have time to google and read about other peoples stories and complications.  

Its having too much information.  There is a fine line between being an informed patient and knowing too much.  I found today a detailed description of the surgery and it kind of freaked me out.  Normally I&apos;d link to such things but honestly I don&apos;t want to go back and get the address.  I can rationally think ok I need this, in the long run I&apos;ll feel better, and I survived gallstone attacks and labor, I can survive pain.  But then I think - its gonna hurt its gonna hurt its gonna hurt!

Course I woke up this morning to a sore throat and a stiff achy jaw cause they are infected again and its time to have my tonsils out!  

Surgery is planed for a friday and Megan is going to get her first sleep over at a friends thursday night.  Then Jack has the whole weekend to watch her while I recover and take pain meds,  I&apos;ll be back on full time duty monday but reserve the right to let my kid watch way to many movies if I feel like crap still.  I&apos;m sure i&apos;ll blog about it....so watch this space.
