---
layout: post
title: "Exhausting..."
date: 2005-12-30
slug: 2005-12-30-1
---

Megan and I are both pooped.  We spent yesturday at a over crowded  [Children&apos;s Museum](http://www.cdm.org/index.asp?f=1) .  

The zoo was alot of fun and Megan was even tall enough for us to ride the tiger coaster in the rides area (oh Joy for Mom!)   We also went and explored all the big game animals, the elephants, the camels, and zebras, and giraffes.  the Lions where right front and center watching the crowds and the even the tiger was actually visible laying out in the open taking a nap.(I&apos;ve for a while thought they didn&apos;t actually have a tiger cause we never see it!).  We ended up having to leave the park to find lunch which was a first - because the concession stand had at least 50 people in line when we got there.  So we went to a local restaurant.  

The Children&apos;s Museum is a place i&apos;ve heard of but never been, and while it was off the hook crowded, we did enjoy the fire-truck, and ambulance they had to climb around on.  they have the best water play area I&apos;ve seen, and a few other really cool exhibits.  I went ahead and applied our days entry to membership because now that i&apos;ve been, i know we&apos;ll be back.

Unfortunately it became evident through out the day that Megan was developing a sniffle.  She even asked for a nap when we got home which is rare.  i&apos;m sure she&apos;ll be fine and i&apos;ll give her a bit of  [airborne](http://www.911healthshop.com/airborne.html?source=googleads)  to hurry the cold on its way.   This stuff works great - I was recommended it by a pharmacist friend who swore by it and i&apos;ve tried it the last few times i&apos;ve felt a tickle like a cold might becoming on and it seems to ward them off.
