---
layout: post
title: "Late night..."
date: 2005-12-18
slug: 2005-12-18-1
---

Its after midnight and i don&apos;t feel tired.  I didn&apos;t even had caffeine tonight!  But I did use the time for good and finish up my holiday cards.  ... yes dear friend I who bragged a month ago about getting all my nieces and nephew gifts in the mail, have procrastinated on doing cards,  and the reason is a good one... I wanted a better picture of Megan for the card (for why do we have children if not to adorn our xmas cards!) , and our good camera is in the shop for repairs. The sad part is if your at the beginning of my list (family mostly) you got a nice note, a hand written (in my chicken scratch) note about how we are doing and that Jack has 3 books published.  If however you were one of my later cards than you got nothing.  I did spit on the back of the envelope, but my hand cramped and I just let the generic greeting that shutterfly let me put on each card suffice.   

I played a few games of gammon, one 3 good matches and then lost 2 so I quit that, since it tends to balance out.. there is no hope for my next game, so I quit that and then I paid a few bills.    

Its raining heavily.  I have so wanted rain.  California is great for its sun, except when you&apos;ve had months on end of endless sunny day and then you&apos;d give anything for rain.  When the hills are green I feel relaxed, feel at home, but by the end of summer the hills are brown and i&apos;m ready to move.  I hope the rain continues for a few days, though I just checked and Its suppose to pass tonight.


