---
layout: post
title: "sleepless night"
date: 2005-03-17
slug: 2005-03-17-1
---

Megan woke up crying at 2am.  I thinking it was later got her and brought her to bed with me where she immediately stopped crying.  Too tired to argue I did the best I could to pile pillows around her and figured we could just sleep together until I realized some 10 mins later that I couldn&apos;t sleep worried that if I did she&apos;d roll out of the bed - the guest bed is an old rope bed, that I have to climb up onto myself.  The Fall for Megan would be terrible.  So I pick her up which wakes her and I hold her telling her she has to go back to her bed.  She started crying so I told her I&apos;d hold her till she falls asleep, but that Mommy can&apos;t sleep until she&apos;s back in her bed and mommy needs to sleep.  She snuggled in close and every so often looking longingly at the space on the bed she just vacated.  

I realized I needed something to wake me up a bit so I grabbed my laptop and to do a search for a map for our drive on friday - maneuvering everything with one hand, as I&apos;m holding Megan with the other across my lap and under her blanket.  Then I start looking at blogs  i haven&apos;t checked in a while cause their owners don&apos;t always blog, and found that  [BecBlog](http://hyatts.org/BecBlog/)  is getting updated from New Zealand where they are currently traveling.  Its a great read and gets me through the next 20 mins.  When I then finally put Megan in her own bed she wakes up screaming so I snuck out of the room and am now hiding in the living room waiting for her to fall back asleep.  She&apos;s quiet now but I don&apos;t dare rush back in there.  i&apos;m guessing i&apos;ll be needing a nap again today.
