---
layout: post
title: "transitions"
date: 2005-09-08
slug: 2005-09-08-1
---

Megan is loving her new bed, though she hasn&apos;t  realized yet that she can get out with out me which is really cute.  It took her 4 nights to go from sleeping in one very small quarter of the full size bed to spreading out and pretty much sleeping all over the upper half.  She seems to love the duvet, though when she was in the crib I couldn&apos;t seem to keep a blanket on her.  She was sick on Sunday after we had a lovely day at  [Del Valle](http://www.ebparks.org/parks/delval.htm) park in Livermore.  We went swimming and Jack and Megan went boating, and we had a lovely picnic and the all the kids from 5 different families played. It was such a &quot;Norman Rockwell&quot; type of sunday.  But when we got home Megan was drained and obviously not feeling well.  I figured she was dehydrated but by 2am she had 102 fever.  Some Tylenol and cuddling later we made it through the night and by morning she also had a stuffy nose to go with the fever.  

The strange thing is the stuffy nose lasted a day by tuesday she was only mildly congested, Jack is usually more so with his allergies on a daily basis.  She had no fever by tuesday night. It was a weird bug, and thankfully a quickly passing one.  

So next week Megan starts school.  I have yet to touch the pile of forms I&apos;m supposed to be filing out. I think Megan is really going to shine at school.  She loved it when we visited there 2 weeks ago.
