---
layout: post
title: "Trauma"
date: 2005-06-01
slug: 2005-06-01-1
---

Megan had a very traumatic day today.  When she woke up she wanted to go &quot;play outside&quot;  So we got dressed and she headed out, after a quick breakfast.  I was busy packing our lunches and getting our swim gear together cause we were meeting some friends at a local water play pool.  First Megan came in and showed me her hands covered in Poop!  She said &quot;look mommy yucky&quot; I assumed it was dog poop and so I propped her up on the sink and we washed hands all the while i&apos;m telling her not to play with dog poop,  Megan gave me this strange look and  pulled up her dress... the poop as it turned out was her own and her diaper had malfunctioned.  

Mess cleaned up I sent her out once again to play while I continued with my job of making lunch... when I heard Megan scream in absolute terror - the kind of terror that prompted me to drop a 7 inch chef&apos;s knife and run out side.... Only to find Megan screaming and crying 4 feet away from Oso who had a Snake dangliing out of his mouth.  I picked up Gee and yelled at Oso, he being a better dog than expected, dropped the snake and followed me inside.  Once i calmed Megan down, I headed out with a shovel to remove the snake from the yard (I assumed that it was dead - I was wrong)  Megan watching me from the window I managed to get the snake on the shovel and over the fence into the canal area, where the snake wiggled away to nurse what must be a very sore body.

Megan then refused to go back out side, so we called Grandpa to tell him all about the snake.  then we drove to the pool (about 10 mins away) while Megan repeated to me the story of the snake (over and over and over again)

We got the pool and the change of scene was enough for her to forget the snake and oso and we played for about an hour in [ the absolute coolest pool  ](http://www.ci.newark.ca.us/rc/aquaticcenter.htm) - about 6 inches to 1 foot deep, with a play structure in the middle and lots of water spouts etc.  It was off the hook cool for a public pool.  Megan and I had a blast, then we headed in to change and have lunch with our friends and no sooner were we seated and eating did Megan start telling everyone about &quot;oso neek&quot;  I explained what happened as Megan repeated &quot;osos neeek&quot;  

After lunch we came home and I promised Megan she could watch  [Maisy](http://www.noggin.com/shows/maisy.php) as i was unloading the car she went running into the garage, stopped to look at Daddy&apos;s bike and a good breeze came in and knocked the bike over and onto her.  Not once but twice today I&apos;ve heard my daughter scream in absolute Terror!  it&apos;s stops the heart and numbs the senses.  

She is fine, alittle scratched from the bike, but  [Maisy](http://www.noggin.com/shows/maisy.php)  helped and now she is napping.

If the Snake was one and the bike was two... I&apos;m scared to find out what 3 will be to my poor GeegaDee
