---
layout: post
title: "faxes and booboos"
date: 2005-06-22
slug: 2005-06-22-1
---

Last night before going to bed Megan was obsessed with getting a Pooh bear band-aid despite that fact that she doesn&apos;t have a scratch on her.  Because it was Poker night and I was anxious to get her to bed, I relented and put on on her hand in the middle of the back - like a big old sticker.  She was excited about her pretend or as she called it  &quot;tin&quot; booboo and showed it off to our guest before heading to bed.  

This morning she woke up and showed me her booboo and said &quot;mommy booboo hurt&quot; I said what booboo and she showed me her band-aid hand and I said &quot;silly that&apos;s a pretend booboo!&quot; and she tucked her head down cracked a smile, and flashed her lashes at me as she started to giggle.

on a completely unrelated vain, i have been trying to send a fax to a company down south.  I have tried several times over the last 2 days and last night called and got an alternate fax number.  Then I called again today and she as  assured me that they have gotten faxes from other people, well I&apos;d sent other faxes to other people.  So I finally turned the sound up so I could hear what was happening and that&apos;s when I heard &quot;this line is not set up for that function!&quot;  duh - I didn&apos;t have long distance on our second line cause it the one TIVO and Directv use to talk to their boxes and I occasionally use for faxes.  I connected the fax to our main line and magic - it worked!

