---
layout: post
title: "loosing the nap and yet"
date: 2005-07-27
slug: 2005-07-27-2
---

Megan wants very much to forgo the nap.  But what ends up happening is by the 3rd day of no napping (either by choice or by her just not sleeping but playing for the 2 hours she&apos;s in bed)  she is a major cranky child. She napped Sunday but refused monday and then tuesday well was poker night so I didn&apos;t even try to get her to nap (cause I wanted her to go down by 8)  but last night at dinner she cried because she wanted more of this, less of that, and then because she wanted a bath, but didn&apos;t want to leave the table with everyone else still there.  Once in the bath she cried because she wanted to fill Sadie&apos;s cup with water, wanted to keep Sadie&apos;s cup of water to play with and didn&apos;t want me to give Sadie a cup of water.

(side note.... Ripley started drinking &quot;tub water&quot; years ago when ever Jack or I would take a bath.  If we didn&apos;t supply a cup of water she would just climb into the tub.  While Sadie never joined us, she wanted anything Ripley had and that included a cup of water while someone bathed.  When Megan entered the family and started baths in the tub, both dogs would line up for water.  Since Ripley&apos;s passing Sadie has continued the tradition.  Oso hasn&apos;t figured it out and really could care less - he tasted the warm bath water once and has never been back.)

Now back to the story at hand...  after 15 mins in the bath and the water quickly turning chilly, Megan cried because I cleaned up her toys and took her out of the bath and wrapped her in a warm towel.  Then she cried because she wanted the castle PJ&apos;s and didn&apos;t see them in the drawer (i&apos;d already taken them out)  then she tried to tell me something about nap or net or something but I didn&apos;t understand and when I offered to help her dress, well she cried again.  I left her alone to dress and she came out of her room, fully clothed in PJ&apos;s and surprisingly happy.  That was it... once we started reading books, drinking milk, hugging everyone good night (Jack, Mel, and the 2 dogs) brushing teeth, Dancing to the first song, cuddling and singing to the second song and then pretending to sleep to the 3rd one she was happy just knowing I think that bed was coming.  

So today she&apos;ll nap... and tonight should be smoother sailing.



