---
layout: post
title: "Most excellent weekend."
date: 2006-02-19
slug: 2006-02-19-1
---

Let me just give you the highlights.  Saturday we went to the zoo.  Its the first time Jack and I both went with Megan - usually its one or the other of us.  Because Jack was there I gave the sky ride a try - I&apos;m a bit of a wuss when it comes to fast or high rides.  We ended up in 2 different seats- Jack ahead of me and Megan.  She loved it and that helped calm my nerves - till we flew over the lions and I swear at least one licked there chops!

After a quick lunch, we headed over to the little ride park, and Megan and Jack rode the roller coaster twice - Megan with arms up loving it both times. We froze on the train, but enjoyed the views of the bay.

Once home we entertained Pam, Yvonne  and Josephine.  The girls played hard, and we adults enjoyed the conversation.  We all cooked a big dinner, and hung out after while the girls painted, watching Olympics.  After they left and Megan went to bed we enjoyed more olympics and the fire in the fireplace.

This morning Jack and Megan got going and went and got bagels, while I stayed in bed! Then they headed out to a movie while I did some chores around the house and watched  [Alien Vs Predator. ](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0370263/?fr=c2l0ZT1kZnx0dD0xfGZiPXV8cG49MHxrdz0xfHE9YWxpZW4gfGZ0PTF8bXg9MjB8bG09NTAwfGNvPTF8aHRtbD0xfG5tPTE_;fc=4;ft=282;fm=1)  After Megan had a nap, we all headed out to our local mini-golf course where Megan got her first taste of putt putt - she loved it!.


UPDATE: Didn&apos;t realize the weekend wasn&apos;t over.  Jack got up and went to work, Megan and I got up and had breakfast, I exercised, while she watch &quot;Elmo&quot;.  Then Jack came home cause he didn&apos;t actually have work today and we drove into the city to goto the Steinhart Aquarium.  It was very crowded but fun to get out and after a quick lunch we went to the carousal at the zeum across from the Metreon, and headed home.
