---
layout: post
title: "Boingy Boingy Boingy Bing... Or my Dora Rant"
date: 2006-09-13
slug: 2006-09-13-2
---

Megan has this Dora book... that I loath.  It not just that each time we&apos;re back into story books (and not reading chapter books) she picks it out, its that the whole story is beyond ridiculous.  The premise is that Dora must become a true princess in order to save Boots who has fallen under a sleeping spell.  Fine I get it and I know that that is why Megan loves the book because she wants to be a True Princess.  But what absolutely kills me each time I read it is that the 4 tests that Dora must do to become a true princess are so stupid.  The first is find a red ring in a dragons cave - ok not so bad I&apos;ll let that one slide, the second is teach giant sleeping rocks to sing.  Even that one I can slide - but the last too are turning Winter to spring and bringing the moon down to a king and queen are just wrong- she&apos;s not trying to be a god she&apos;s trying to be a princess - what does taming seasons or moving celestial objects have to do with that.  

I actually love Dora, The show is cute and Megan has picked up a few good things from watching it.  Most of the books are helpful - like the one about Dora going to the dentist - Megan and I have been reading it to prepare for her trip at the end of the month - but this true princess one - come on people give Dora tasks that are slightly credible cause we have little girls out here in the real world who want to become &quot;True Princesses!&quot;

I&apos;m going to get Megan in to another chapter book cause I need a break from this darn book.

