---
layout: post
title: "early morning"
date: 2006-06-28
slug: 2006-06-28-2
---

I did make it to the pool, and for the first time managed to keep track of my laps well sort of - I know I swam at least 50 - I may have lost a couple of laps here and there in the count though.  I had a half of lane to my self which was really nice. The other woman in the lane swam very fast, but I held my own.  I usually include 8 laps of running in the water.  In Australia I swam regularly at a pool with the Australian Rules Football team the Hawthorne Hawks.  The couch would have them do the 50 yard pool half a lap of running in the shallow end and half a lap of swimming in the deep end for like 30 laps.  It really works out your muscles and someone like me who doesn&apos;t run can.

Anyway I was just finishing up lap 7 of my run when the lifeguard told me some one complained that I wasn&apos;t actually swimming.  I assured her I was on my last lap and finished up the 8th.  Its sad cause my calves weren&apos;t burning like they were last week and I probably could have ran a couple more.  Anyway for the next 20 minutes as I swam I just was pissed.  I was in no way interrupting anyone else&apos;s workout, and I know it wasn&apos;t the woman in my lane.  If I had my guesses I&apos;d say it was the only man in the medium speed lane who couldn&apos;t make eye contact with me after we both got out.    If it was him, or who ever it was I hope they have a really bad day.  &quot;May the fleas of a thousand camels infect their armpits.&quot;

Off to get an oil change
