---
layout: post
title: "busy times -catching up"
date: 2006-10-18
slug: 2006-10-18-1
---

First board meeting last night - went out after for coffee and pie stayed up till after 12 -am exhausted. Just finished typing up the minutes, feels good to be using my brain again - for things not related to princesses, dora and Legos.

  Have been swimming a mile 3 times a week for the last month.  Feeling great and things are loose -rings falling off, pants baggy yet not a pound down - kind of depressing - yes i know building muscle - still.

Getting ready for the big party on Saturday - Megan&apos;s turning 4!  We have a bounce house coming, along with an art project - crowns for all.  Pizza&apos;s have been ordered, Cake is planned.  Its going to be fun. 

Got my car fixed today - 90,000 mile check up, 4 new tires and new brakes - its driving like a dream.

Megan had science class on tuesday - all about bug eaters. She finally touched an animal - a toad! - refused to touch the tarantula - though I can&apos;t blame her I did - very cool.  

Movie club on sunday was a hoot - another blog entry coming.

Working on a sweatshirt for myself - made 3 now - 2 for Gee and one for Jack - My turn.  Every-time I goto the fabric store I get overwhelmed with the possibilities.  

Took Megan to the SJ Children&apos;s Museum after school. It had a few new exhibits and was gloriously empty.

Both Law and Order SVU and Criminal minds have a story line with a rapist who is trying to get women pregnant.  Different channels same plot line!




