---
layout: post
title: "busy busy busy"
date: 2006-07-02
slug: 2006-07-02-1
---

You ever have one of those days, where you do so much that when your head hits the pillow you pass out.  I had that today.  Only I passed out the second my head hit Megan&apos;s pillow - and she wasn&apos;t so thrilled with it.

We started the day easily enough.  Megan and Jack went to get bagels and I watched CBS Sunday morning.  Jack got home and exercised, and I ate breakfast and won a few games of hearts, an online card game. Then I exercised and then we started demolishing our second bath - took out the fiberglass surround and the tiles too.   A quick trip to our favorite hardware store we figured out we&apos;re going to install a new surround instead of tiling.  We&apos;re also going to go ahead and repaint - which takes place tomorrow.  We&apos;ll install the new surround next weekend.

The Oso Megan and I went to the dog Park while Jack TSP&apos;d the walls since they had been painted with high gloss.  Once he called because he was done (fumes et al) we came home and then ran over to the pool for a quick swim before I ran to the supermarket.  Came home cooked dinner, then gave Oso a bath in the back yard with very cold water-  He hated that but appreciated blow dryer and towel after.  

Spent some time in the garden next weeding and watering, then Jack gave Megan a bath while I played with the sprinklers in the back - making sure they were all working.

After reading to Megan we cuddled and well I fell asleep. And well she protested a bit but I awoke and assured her I wasn&apos;t staying.
