---
layout: post
title: "Finished..."
date: 2006-09-24
slug: 2006-09-24-1
---

One good thing about having this darn cold was that I used the time to finish Megan&apos;s halloween costume.  It looks awesome if I do say so myself, and i&apos;m continually amazed that I can make things like that happen.  

You&apos;ll just have to wait for pictures of what it is, but i&apos;m thinking of trying to make something (simpler) for myself but in theme.  

It was a great weekend.  Jack and Megan did a hike with some friends saturday morning while I stayed home and sewed.  When they got home we headed over to our pool.  The heater was down and the pool was frigid so we loaded back in the car and went over to the City of Newark&apos;s Indoor pool and water play area.  We had so much fun playing and swimming and Jack and Megan went down the slides.  Megan and I did the lazy river several times too.

We finished up around dinner time so when we all cleaned up and headed to  [Vito&apos;s Italian Restaurant ](http://www.vitos-pizza.com/) . 

This morning Megan and I were greeted with smells of Jack baking fresh scones, which he served with Scrambled eggs.  Then they headed out with Oso to goto the beach while I got to work on the finishing up the costume.  After Returning Oso they went to see a movie and after a quick trip back to the fabric store... I FINISHED!

We ended the day with a dip in the spa and Jack got out and made dinner while Megan and I played and then showered.

It really was a lovely weekend.

