---
layout: post
title: "in todays mail box"
date: 2006-08-15
slug: 2006-08-15-2
---

&quot;The buzz word in today&apos;s business world is MARKETING.
However, most people often ask for a simple explanation of &quot;Marketing.&quot;
Here it is:
You&apos;re a woman and you see a handsome guy at a party. You go up to him and say, &quot;I&apos;m fantastic in bed,&quot; That&apos;s Marketing.
You&apos;re at a party with a bunch of friends and see a handsome guy. One of your friends goes up to him and pointing at you says, &quot;She&apos;s fantastic in bed,&quot; That&apos;s Advertising.
You see a handsome guy at a party. You go up to him and get his telephone number. The next day you call and say,&quot;Hi, I&apos;m fantastic in bed,&quot; That&apos;s Telemarketing.
You see a guy at a party, you straighten your dress. You walk up to him and pour him a drink. You say, “May I,&quot; and reach up to straighten his tie brushing your breast lightly against his arm, and then say, &quot;By the way, I&apos;m fantastic in bed,&quot; That&apos;s Public Relations.
You&apos;re at a party and see a handsome guy. He walks up to you and says, “I hear you&apos;re fantastic in bed,&quot; That&apos;s Brand Recognition.
You&apos;re at a party and see a handsome guy. You talk him into going home with your friend. That&apos;s a Sales Rep.
Your friend can&apos;t satisfy him so he calls you. That&apos;s Tech Support.
You&apos;re on your way to a party when you realize that there could be handsome men in all these houses you&apos;re passing. So you climb onto the roof of one situated toward the center and shout at the top of your lungs, &quot;I&apos;m fantastic in bed!&quot; That&apos;s Junk Mail.&quot;
