---
layout: post
title: "Disney Cont..."
date: 2006-11-16
slug: 2006-11-16-1
---

Disney Day 4...	

Today we went to EPCOT.  We started out the morning early and headed over to the Land where we ate breakfast and rode on the old Listen to the Land boat ride which has been redone and they&apos;ve lost the cool cheesy song - the one I know all the words too.  Ah well, I got some neat pictures of what they are doing to grow pumpkins and tomatoes and such and I shall put a couple up on my blog when time permits.

I got a little teary watching the Lion King respect the land circle of life movie.  Oh the damage we humans have done to our fair planet.

Then it was finally time for Soaring.  Megan, Uncle Doodle, Aunt Missy, Justin and I all went on a soaring ride over California.  Megan was enthralled, but I fear some of it was lost on her as she sat cross legged in the chair and didn&apos;t dangle her feet.

When we got out Grandpa and Mumsie had found Pat and Elizabeth and the whole group headed off for the new Nemo Pavilion.  Its where the living seas used to be and the whole thing is just really well done.  The highlight was definitely the show with Crush talking to us. 

Michael and I ran off after and went on Mission space while the grandparents, Kids, and Missy headed over to Journey into the Imagination.  

Mission space was awesome, and I  who normally don&apos;t care for fast rides (any one who&apos; has seen me hyperventilate on an escalator knows what I&apos;m talking about) LOVED it.  We rode Orange training which means we were spun.  (Green is for Sissies)  I was absolutely in love with the ride and will do it again - I can&apos;t wait for Megan to be old enough and for Jack to join us just to ride this ride.  I sent a post card to Jack from the space related techie playground after.

We met up with the rest of the gang and chatted, and then said our goodbyes, Grandpa and Mumsie went off to get some grub before heading back home.  Megan and I headed off for some more rides, and the Casa De Newf bunch went off to nap.  

Megan and I  meandered over to universe of Energy and when we arrived I turned around to see Casa De Newf had followed thinking the 45 min ride would give the kids a place to rest.  

We really did separate then and Megan and I went and rode Spaceship earth which had been updated to include the internet, and Walter Cronkit had been replaced with Jeremy Irons, though he was still on the TV&apos;s during that segment of the ride.

Megan told me her favorite ride of the day had been Nemo and since i had missed it, we headed back over there and well it had been changed and was much better than the second version but I&apos;m nostalgic for the original.  Figment is now made by a scientist played by a british Actor I can&apos;t think of his name.  Figment kidnaps our tour through the senses. It was better than I remembered actually.

It was finally time to go and head over the Chef Mickey&apos;s at the contemporary where we were all having dinner with the Core gang of Mickey, Donald, Pluto, Goofy and Minnie.

And that was basically the day.  We got to ride the monorail, and Megan and her cousins watched some Little Einsteins after baths in the room, but basically the day was great.


Day 5

We slept in till almost 9,After a quick breakfast with the newf clan Megan and I  headed to EPCOT again.  The newf&apos;s all went to Animal Kingdom.  We however had a date with some princesses.

We got there and walked right on Test track.  Then we headed over to the countries starting at Mexico where we rode the ride twice.  Megan wasn&apos;t too thrilled with the Norway ride, but enjoyed the art project there and in China.  We even watched the movie in china killing time til our lunch At Norway&apos;s storybook Princess Banquet Hall.  Megan was shy at first insisting I stand between her and Aurora, but after that she just opened up, hugging all the princesses and getting her picture taken with each and every one that came to our table.  She saw Ariel, Belle, Jasmaine and Mary Poppins - I know not a princess but who knows.

Lunch was OK more fish than i&apos;ve seen in a life time, but the princesses made Megan&apos;s day.  We headed out and on our way around the world who did we find in Germany  but Snow White, who was very nice and chatted Megan up and posed for lots of pictures.  We made it over to America where I made Megan sit through the American Adventure - I have to see at least one show where I know all the songs - I cried again as I do each and every time.

and that was it - we headed the rest of the way around and out.  Caught a bus back to the hotel and are now napping.  We have Mickey&apos;s Very Merry Christmas tonight so naps are a must.

UPDATE:

The Christmas party was alot of fun.  Megan and I got to ride on a lot of rides including Buzz three times, Pooh, Small World, Barnstormer, People Mover, And Astro Orbitors.  We spent a bit of time with the cousins before we went off in search of Belle and they Fireworks.  Megan also got her picture with Cinderella and sleeping Beauty.

We made it to main street in time to watch some of the parade and I gave Megan the camera and she went crazy.   They had snow on main street and it was just beautiful with all the decorations and lights.  We made it back to the hotel around 12:15 and Megan was in bed by 1.  

Day 6...

Up and adam but not early - we got a late start and headed over to MGM where we managed to get in one show of the &quot;Voyage of the LIttle Mermaid&quot; before our lunch reservation with play house Disney characters.  It was my favorite of all the buffets and very yummy.  

After playhouse disney and the muppets in 3D, Megan and I separated from the crew and went to the Great Movie Ride and ended with a live showing of Beauty and The Beast - which just mesmerized Gee.  Then we headed back to the hotel for an early night of picking up the rental car, laundry, swimming and dinner in the room with a movie.  Megan was in bed by 9 and I followed soon after.

Our final day in Disney I loaded up the rental car and we said good bye to the cousins.  We then headed over to Animal kingdom where we started on a safari, and then after lunch we got soaked on the River Rapids ride, and Megan&apos;s dress spent the rest of the day hung on the back of the stroller.  We finished with &quot;its tough to be a bug&quot; before heading back to the magic Kingdom for another run at our favorite rides.  We ended with a lovely dinner at Tony&apos;s on Mainstreet before boarding our last bus for the hotel, picking up some last bits at the gift-shop, and heading out to Mumsie&apos;s and Grandpa&apos;s where we arrived just after 9:30. 

And that my friends is Disney for 2006!

