---
layout: post
title: "Contrary to Reports"
date: 2006-09-13
slug: 2006-09-13-1
---

Really I&apos;m fine.  I know when I disappear from the blog-o-sphere for a week at a time my fans get very concerned (all 4 of you).  No really I&apos;m fine.  Great even.

Megan has been back in school and loving it.  I&apos;ve been using the time to get back in to swimming since its less than a month to the swim-a-thon.  I&apos;ve been doing 1/2 mile swims and plan on going for a 3/4 mile on Friday.

I&apos;m also in the middle of making Megan&apos;s halloween costume for the year.  Its as involved as last years with more pieces, but I think overall it should be an easier project.  I&apos;m going to not tell you what it is and let you guess when you see the pictures.

On top of school Megan has a few extra classes.  She&apos;s taking cooking and soccer and then once a month she has a science class.  Today was both cooking and science and I gave myself a whole 30 minutes to get from one (in southern Fremont) to the other (in Hayward) a speed limit drive of 45 minutes.  We were late but only just and she throughly enjoyed both classes.  Here&apos;s hoping my scheduling powers improve.

I&apos;ve been actually using and loving Apple&apos;s calendar program &quot;ical&quot;  I figured out that I could sync to my ipod so now I can even take the whole schedule with me - a big help.

The other things on my plate that I haven&apos;t even started are - the refurbishing of my old doll house which I had planned on giving to Gee for her birthday but I might delay and plan on Christmas instead, and her birthday party which other than picking a date i&apos;ve done nothing on.  Oh and there is Disney - but that is pretty much planned.  We&apos;re meeting the folks from Casa De Newf in Orlando in November for a week of fun with the cousins.  I AM SO LOOKING FORWARD TO THAT!
