---
layout: post
title: "Sadie is gone..."
date: 2006-06-15
slug: 2006-06-15-1
---

The hardest thing we pet owners have to do is let our four legged friends go.  Sadie had been suffering of late.  Her eye had swelled up and was inflamed.  Basically the dying eye  from going blind was starting to rot.  She was in pain and disoriented.  So a couple of weeks ago I took her in and the vet thought it was probably glaucoma, but the tests came back negative so she gave me some eye drops.  Her eye got better - I mean in like a day Sadie was back to her old self.  I took her back a week later and the vet was amazed at how well she&apos;d responded.  Well it started to get worse yesterday.  I took her in today and she retested and confirmed she did actually have glaucoma. This was on top of the diabetes and the pancreatic enzyme trouble and the cataracts which meant blindness.  

Sadie was going down hill.  I knew when the diabetes was diagnosed that she was on borrowed time.  It was very hard to justify spending thousands of dollars on a dog that was dying just slowly.  It was so incredibly hard to decide to let her go, but she was in pain so doing nothing wasn&apos;t going to work.

Megan went with me to the vet, but as soon as it was clear that tough decisions were going to have to be made, I called Jack and had him come over and get Megan.  They went off and I broke down.    

It took incredibly long for them to come in and put her down.  Its amazing that when your waiting for something like that, it really takes forever.  And so you waste time.  I scratched her and gave her treats, talked to her... all the while waiting for someone to come in and put her down.  Geez that is so hard ... it was so hard. 

I probably don&apos;t appreciate how much time and energy I spent taking care of Sadie.  Tomorrow I had on my schedule to grill chicken for her for the next five days.  Now I just need to figure out what to do with 3 bags of frozen chicken breasts.

And now she&apos;s gone.  Oso is looking for her right now.  Everyone else is asleep. 

Good bye my Sadie Boo - Good Bye


