---
layout: post
title: "a truely lovely weekend"
date: 2006-02-06
slug: 2006-02-06-1
---

Friday Megan and I enjoyed some time with our playgroup, which included lunch in one of those salad bar restaurants - not my favorite but alot of fun none the less.  It was a nice quiet night friday night - Jack and I were alone for Sci-fi Friday.

Saturday Jack went off and played golf, and Megan and I tooled around the house. I got in a workout in and then we headed up to the craft store to buy some bird houses.  We went next door to the pet store to buy some more bird seed, and then after a quick lunch out we headed home and decorated our bird houses.  It was a 2 day project since i had to varnish them after they had dried, with several coats.

Saturday night was a blast.  We went to a party at a friends house, they had sitter&apos;s upstairs for all the kids, and lots of kabob&apos;s and libations.  We also got to enjoy some live bluegrass music.  I had entirely too much to drink and it was wonderfully fun.  We got home at 10 and we all went to bed.

Sunday Jack and Megan headed out for the weekly trip to the get bagels, while I hung out in my pj&apos;s watching cbs sunday morning, drinking coffee (and waiting for the Tylenol to take the hang over away).  Nice chat with dad followed.  Then we spent the morning taking the crib down and out of Megan&apos;s room so she&apos;d have room for the train table.  We headed out after and went to a japanese garden in Hayward to the north walking around, exploring all the pagodas, and counting all the big fish in the pond.  It had alot of memorial plaques since the park is pretty old, it was interesting and touching to read them as we wondered around., We then went to Kennedy Park (also in hayward) for Megan&apos;s first pony ride, and also the petting zoo, train ride, bounce house, and Merry-go-round.  Megan had wonderful time (pictures of course to follow).  

Home for a quiet afternoon, and then Jack and I headed out on a date, we tried a  [Transamerica](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0407265/?fr=c2l0ZT1kZnx0dD0xfGZiPXV8cG49MHxrdz0xfHE9dHJhbnNhbWVyaWNhfGZ0PTF8bXg9MjB8bG09NTAwfGNvPTF8aHRtbD0xfG5tPTE_;fc=1;ft=22;fm=1)   A pretty good flick, very uncomfortable to watch at times, but Felicity Huffman was really good, and i see why she&apos;s been nominated and won  for several awards. Home by 10 where I goto to watch the first half of my tivo&apos;d &quot;Grey&apos;s anatomy&quot; thanks to the *&^$^% super-bowl, tivo didn&apos;t get it all - Please ABC play it again!

