---
layout: post
title: "A depressing Point - Coyote Point that is"
date: 2006-09-29
slug: 2006-09-29-1
---

Yesterday after a birthday party and a trip the the park, Megan and I headed over to  [Coyote Point Museum](http://www.coyoteptmuseum.org/) , which is an environmental museum with lots of exhibits on conservation mixed with animals.  I&apos;d been there before, but not in a long time, and they currently have a &quot;Green Dollhouse&quot; exhibit that I wanted to see.  The exhibit was in fact interesting - giving me lots of ideas for fixing up Megan&apos;s doll house.  The rest of the museum was in fact sad.  Exhibits were either broken or not there, those that were in tact had signs that were so worn out I couldn&apos;t read them to Megan when she asked me to.  One she was interested in was all about dirt and I tried to read her the info and then just winged it.  

The 2 highlights were that we were their practically alone - the last time i&apos;d gone with Yvonne and Josephine, the place was packed, and that the animals were all out and most were active because the weather was so cool.  Those that were sleeping where clearly visible in their dens thanks to cute little windows that gave us that view.  The badger was really adorable, as he was scratching and stretching between naps.

A friend of mine who works with environmental groups here, told me that Coyote Point was up for sale and was looking like it was going to be closed when they couldn&apos;t find a buyer.  They just recently got one, which might explain why they are in such bad repair.  I&apos;ll go back in a year or so and give it another look - and hope they have been able to fix repair and replace.
