---
layout: post
title: "Busy bees"
date: 2006-07-17
slug: 2006-07-17-1
---

I can&apos;t believe I haven&apos;t blog since July 3rd.  So much has gone on but I just haven&apos;t had the energy to sit down and type it all out.

July 4th was a nice quiet day.  We went to the pool, we had a bbq and we all climbed into the jacquizzi to watch our neighbors set off illegal fireworks.  I ended up having to sleep with Megan that night for the first time since she was a baby because the fireworks freaked her out a bit, but by the next night I was being kicked out and sent to my own room.

Megan has finished swim class and graduated from Level 1 which means next summer she&apos;ll be in Level 2 and she only going to be 4!  she really is a great swimmer.  I&apos;ve discovered a gymnastics day camp program through the Little Gym in Newark so she gets to do that a couple of days a week and I get about 6 hours to myself during the week.  Its a great trade off and actually comes out cheaper than preschool.  She gets an art project, and 2 hours in the gym with some free play and some structured games.  She also gets a snack.  Each day when I pick her up she is pooped and sleeps well that night so overall a great success.

I spent most of last week getting ready for Jack&apos;s birthday party on Saturday.  I decided to cater the whole thing myself and had some great successes.  I made Tequila Lime Chicken and Portabellas for vegetarians.  A Pasta Salad, a asian slaw, and a green salad, all with different veggies from the garden.  Home made bread rolls, some home roasted nuts and For dessert we had 2 kinds of cupcakes, a box mix white and a from scratch chocolate ganache that were super yummy.

Now i&apos;m getting ready for our trip on Sunday to South Carolina for a reunion on Jack&apos;s side of the family, and when we return I&apos;ll be getting ready for my dad to visit.  by Mid-august we&apos;ll be able to take a breather, get in some beach time and wait till school starts in September.
