---
layout: post
title: "Oscars!"
date: 2006-03-02
slug: 2006-03-02-1
---

 [Jack](http://www.muttmansion.com/ds)  beat me to the punch, but I will offer up my choices for Oscars - for what its worth.  - i&apos;m only going to pick from Movie&apos;s i&apos;ve seen which rules out a few in each category.

Best Actor - I&apos;ll got with Heath Ledger - I didn&apos;t know he had it in him and his performance blew me away.  Philip Seymour Hoffman is probably going to win it but I didn&apos;t see Capote so I can&apos;t really vote for him :)

Best supporting actor - George Clooney for Syriana (I have to wonder how i&apos;ve seen all but one of the supporting actors but only 2 of the best actor nominees)

Best Actress - Felicity Huffman was the best of the ones i&apos;ve seen.  I missed Reese though and she seems to be the favorite.  Guess i&apos;ll have to rent that one.

Best supporting actress - all good nominees - but I have to go with Amy Adams.  She really was phenomenal in June Bug

Best Animated Feature - Wallace and Gromit of course.

Art Direction - Pride and Prejudice

Cinematography - Brokeback Mountain

Costume Design - Mrs Henderson Presents

Directing - Ang Lee  for Brokeback Mountain

Documentary - March of the Penquins

Best Picture - Brokeback or Crash - both surprised me I guess I&apos;m going for Brokeback more than Crash but not by much

Screenplay - original - kind of want Clooney to win this one for Good night and good luck - but I really want Crash to win it 

Screenplay - Adapted - Brokeback Mountain
