---
layout: post
title: "sleepless night"
date: 2006-01-05
slug: 2006-01-05-1
---

i love a really dark room to sleep.  In Ocala when visiting my parents i had been known for adding towels to the curtain rod to darken the room from the street lamp.  At one point i had put black tape on every little red and blue and green light on vcr&apos;s and the like.  But pregnancy and motherhood had taught me to sleep with a little light.  Basically a necessity.  Sleep when I have the chance, damn the light.  Course that was before Megan potty trained her self.  And the last week that has included to late night crying episodes cause she woke up with the need to go and was to scared to head off to the potty on her own.  

No harm, I say ... Megan here&apos;s a night light for the bathroom, now you can find the bathroom in the dark.  She agrees that that&apos;s a great idea and headed to bed tonight happy in the fact that the potty was within reach.

Now i&apos;m laying in bed with the terrible realization that the night light is IN MY FACE. ... our bed is positioned so the bathroom light shines in on me.  Ok I could, turn it off, but i can&apos;t do that to Megan,  Shut the bathroom door, but that defeats the whole point, or shut our door which I can&apos;t do since I haven&apos;t since she was born and besides the blind dog would surely wake us up when she realizes she can&apos;t get around the house.  ... what to do... I guess tomorrow i&apos;m going to be buying one of  [these](http://www.dreamessentials.com/a_intro_eye_masks.aspx) ,

yes i am still sick... but better as i&apos;m able to hold my laptop on my lap long enough to blog.  My fever came back this evening and it hurts like hell to cough, but I&apos;m definitely on the mend.
