---
layout: post
title: "cute Megan"
date: 2006-06-05
slug: 2006-06-05-1
---

Megan Loves &quot;Mary Poppins&quot; but pronounces the poppins like she&apos;s a brit - so it comes out Mary Paupins.

Megan got up at 2:30 last night and went to the potty and back to bed all by her self - no help, no prompting and a dry pull up this morning :)

Megan is very taken with singing, today&apos;s favorite song is &quot;A Whole New World&quot; from Aladdin.  I downloaded  [ Julie Andrew&apos;s Disney Picks](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00092ZLJE/sr=8-1/qid=1149561853/ref=pd_bbs_1/002-9979277-4576802?%5Fencoding=UTF8)  and burned Megan a copy.  Which she plays in her room on her cd player her first real music at her control.  

With the warm weather we have been able to swim almost daily.  Megan figured out friday night how to swim between me and Jack back and forth it was amazing.  First it was just a couple of feet but now its as far as she can go on one breath of air.  If we&apos;re in the shallow end (3 feet) she can stand up to take a breath and then take off again so she can swim even further.  2 weeks to swim lessons and she&apos;s already there.

We&apos;ve started the habit of taking Oso to the beach when ever he needs a bath, since he loves swimming so much.  Once after, while Josephine was with us, we went and got ice cream after.  Now as soon as we make moves to leave the beach Megan announces what flavor of ice cream she wants!

Megan&apos;s favorite book is &quot;Dora and Boots in Fairy Tale land&quot; and I&apos;ve read it so many times I think I might actually scream - so tonight I begged Jack to read to Megan, but you know what hearing it is almost worst than actually having to read it again.

Tonight at dinner, while fishing peas out of her rice (i mixed the two together) Megan said these peas are &quot;Pealicious&quot;


 

