---
layout: post
title: "And we stared at the penis for 15 minutes"
date: 2006-03-14
slug: 2006-03-14-1
---

but I &apos;ll get to that in a minute :)

Last week while organizing for our taxes, I found a gift certificate to  [Bay Wolf Restaurant](http://www.baywolf.com/) .  Jack had gotten it as a thankyou 2 years ago and we had forgotten about it.  I called the restaurant and they said they would of course still honor it (no change of manager or anything). So I made a reservation for this saturday after confirming our sitter would sit for us.  

Then I went on a google quest to find something else to do in Oakland that evening and found out a local professional theater was in its last days of a play so I got all the info and order us some tickets.

Well dinner was yummy.  I had a lovely potato soup, which was so scrumptious I ended up sopping up ever drop with bread.  Jack had a goat cheese appetizer, that he seemed to throughly enjoy (which had a few beets on it so I got to steal these from him).

For our mains Jack had the gnocchi, and I had the &quot;Chicken alla diavola with creamy polenta&quot;.  It was so delicious, but I would have loved a bit more polenta as the dollop on the plate was merely a tease.

We finished up dinner, but none of the desserts excited us so we headed out.  It was early yet so we went for a walk around the Piedmont area of Oakland and stopped at a pete&apos;s for some warming beverages.   On our way back to the car, it started to rain but not enough for us to worry, but then it started to hail so we ducked into a door way and drank our coffees while watching the hail come down.  Like all hail storms it passed quickly and we headed down to the theater.

The play was put on by  [Theatre First](http://www.theatrefirst.com/)  of Oakland and was called &quot;Love Play&quot;.  It turned out to a be a 2000 year history of sex and love in one spot in England.  The first scene was a roman soldier and a prostitute bartering, and it was a hoot, but the next scene was some men during the middle ages raping a woman (thankfully off stage) but still it was a bit more than I would have liked to endure.  The rest of the play turned back to humor, and at one point one of the male actors actually undressed and stood stage center for inspection by a spinster gentle woman of the victorian era who had never seen a male naked before.  It surprised me that the only nudity in a play about sex was a man.

Overall it was a wonderful evening topped off with an arrival home to find our sitter had noticed I&apos;d stripped the bed and washed it, but we hadn&apos;t made it yet, so she did it for us - it was lovely.


