---
layout: post
title: "Beautiful morning..."
date: 2006-01-29
slug: 2006-01-29-1
---

Megan has been bugging me to see some cows.  Really she wanted to goto the farm and listed a bunch of different animals each time she asked.  This morning we went, and got there just as a Monarch Butterfly tour was starting.  We got to see thousands of Butterflies, in various stages, and activities.  A female was laying eggs, several male/female pairs were racing around in a mating ritual.  Some where basking in the sun.  We saw caterpillars, and Chrysalis. We did take a few pictures, that I&apos;m sure Jack will have up shortly.

When we did finally make it over to the barn yard, we got to see Doc, the Farm&apos;s big horse finish his bath.  Doc lost his brother middle of last year, and is unable to pull the big cart that was his duty on the farm.  Now he gets his exercise by being run through the orchards.  We also goto see Daisy the new sheep born on Jan 21.  Very cute, high on a pedestal of hay surrounded by family. There were bunnies, Chickens, turkeys and goats too, but unfortunately no cows or pigs.  As we left we found a Geocache and while we forgot a treasure to add, I dug in purse and found something suitable, and Megan picked out a racing car.  It was a great morning.  Now home for lunch and naps.  (Jack however headed out again with both dogs to give much needed baths! at  [Pet Food Express&apos;s self serve dog wash](http://petfoodexpress.com//services/store_detail/fremont.html)  
