---
layout: post
title: "A lovely and productive weekend"
date: 2006-05-01
slug: 2006-05-01-1
---

Our weekend really started friday when Pam and I took Megan and Josephine shopping for shoes.  The girls had never been shopping together and we a riot, hiding in clothing racks, and trying on every shoe Nordstrom had in their young bimbo collection.  After a quick lunch at CPK we headed over to the Palo Alto Children&apos;s Museum and let the girls burn off some energy.  Megan and I have been there lots of times but never in the afternoon.  well all the animals were active for a change, and we got to see a Raccoon playing with a KONG, 2 bobcats wondering around their enclosure and all the Geese and rabbits and turtles moving around in their big shared pen.  I think I&apos;m going to aim for after lunch from now on.  We came back to our house, and the girls played while Pam ran home and got her dogs.  Then after Jack and Yvonne came from work we all enjoyed a quick thai take out and a luscious Lava Cake - Jack made.

Saturday Jack worked hard out prepping the garden while Megan and I picked up our friend Derek and his mom, and headed up to  [Rubber Duck race at a local park. ](http://www.ducks4bucks.org/index.htm)   None of our ducks won, but it was a lot of fun.  We came home and Jack, Megan and I all climbed in the spa to &quot;swim.&quot;  Then we went over to Megan&apos;s friend Audrey&apos;s house for a lovely dinner party.

Sunday dawned late since Megan is now back to sleeping in.  So we headed over to our favorite breakfast place but had to wait 10 minutes for a table.  After we headed over to our favorite nursery and picked out lots of veggies and flowers and we came home and planted.  It was a nice hot day so I dug out Megan&apos;s kiddie pool and gave her a few inches of water, to cool off in while we finished our shores.  I decided to start pressure cleaning the patio to get off the winter grime and slime.  All in all our back yard is looking really nice.  Jack put in some red bark in all the flower beds and I planted some flowers in pots.  It&apos;ll be really nice to start spending the summer days out there.

sunday afternoon we  hang with friends up at Pam and Yvonne&apos;s house, while all the kids played the parents got to catch up.  After getting home, Megan and I released hundreds of lady bugs into our newly planted veggie garden.
