---
layout: post
title: "Since I wasted 10 minutes filling it out..."
date: 2006-10-26
slug: 2006-10-26-1
---

I&apos;ll post it for your reading enjoyment

1. What is your occupation?  Home maker - sounds so 1950&apos;s Joan Clever
2. What color socks are you wearing right now? none - not a sock person i&apos;m currently wearing blue slippers that the puppy is chewing on.

3. What are you listening to right now? the sound of the dishwasher, the dogs exploreing and Megan eating goldfish
 4. Can you drive a stick shift? yes I too learned in a parking lot - taught by my sister and the car sales man.  I did have alittle practice before that on a Yugo in Summer camp when I was 16.
 5. What was the last thing you ate?   Granny Smith Apple and Carmel sauce
     6. If you were a crayon, what color would you be right now?  Orange

7. Last person you spoke to on the phone?   The vet office confirming an appointment for the new as of yet named puppy
8. Do you like the person that sent this to you?   My lovely sister - known her all my life.
9. How old are you today?  35 and 10 months - and still younger than my man
10. Favorite drink?   several - diet coke, decafe coffee, and cranberry juice with something mixed in - either ginger ale, sprite, or vodka :)

11. Have you ever stepped on a nail?   yes when I was a kid - it was rusty and I got a tetnis shot after
12. Have you ever dyed your hair?   yes blond usually though I&apos;ve been going darker
13. Pets?  Oso - a shepard mix 6yrs, Little guy (as yet to be named) puppy probably 3 months corgi mix, and Fish AKA Megan Michele Herrington 2

14. Walking or running?   Walking
15. Favorite food?  Filet Mignon or a really good juice burger
16. What was the last movie you watched?   Little Mermaid
17. Favorite day of the year?  Halloween
18. What do you do to vent your anger?   I yell, - loudly oh  and I hang up the phone (as poor Jack just found out)
19. What was your favorite toy as a child?  Barbie
20. What is your favorite Season?  Winter
21. Hugs or Kisses?   hugs
22. Cherries or Blueberries?  Cherries, cherries, cherries
23. Do you want your friends to e-mail back to you?  Sure, if they have time to kill
24. Living arrangements?   Lovely 3 bedroom house in the burbs with Jack my man and Megan my life - along with the above mentioned pets.

25. When was the last time you cried?  Watching Jesus Camp and knowing what a fall these kids having in there future when they start to question what they are being indoctrinated in.
26.  What is on the floor of your closet?  a dusty rug, a scale(under the dresser) some pillows and a basket of odds and ends
27. Who is the friend you have had the longest that you are sending this to?  Back to my sister Terri and my sister Robin since I&apos;ve known them since birth ( mine of course) non relative - we ll that&apos;ll be Jacqueline and Barbara friends from college

28. What did you do last night? Got the house ready for our playgroup halloween party which just ended - i need to clean up still.  Made a black and orange paper chain, had dinner with Megan and Jack at our favorite sushi place, went to the pumpkin patch to get some little pumpkins for all the kids to paint at the party and the grocery store for eggs and orange juice.  Put Megan to bed and then cleanded up barf when she woke up crying from too much b-day party celebration.

29. What inspires you?  My husband Jack&apos;s strength and my daughter Megan&apos;s wonder.
30. Favorite smells?  MEgan&apos;s hair, puppy breath, Jack, sweaty Jack, baking bread

31. What are you afraid of? having those I love die = too much of that has happened already.

32. Plain, cheese or spicy hamburgers?   Cheese with mayo

33. Hobbies?  Sewing, reading swimming
34. Favorite dog breed?  Mutt
35. Number of keys on your key ring?   5 - 2 house, 2 cars, and Jack&apos;s office
36. How many years at current job?  I&apos;ve been a homemaker for the last 10 and a mom for the last 4 (plus pregnancy)
37. Optimistic or pessimistic about the world situation?  Pessimistic about our country&apos;s current leadership and the direction we&apos;ve been taken - The trillion dollar debt scares the crap out of me and the fact that in 9 hours in will be a billion dollars bigger.
38. How many states have you lived in?  Four-Florida, Missouri, Virginia
What about countries? US, Denmark, Venezula, and Australia
39. Favorite holiday?  the whole time of year from Halloween to Newyears - I just love the celebrations of winter.
40. Ever driven a motorcycle or heavy equipment?   Just a lawnmower
41. Who is your favorite NFL team?   Oakland Raiders I guess-  don&apos;t pay much attention to that.
42. Do you have a house phone that is not cordless?   Nope - gave them all to Megan sans cords as a toy
 43. 10 inches of snow or 100 degree weather?  10 inches of snow. Hot cocoa, quilts, candles, family and fire in the fireplace.




