---
layout: post
title: "too funny not to share"
date: 2006-06-22
slug: 2006-06-22-1
---

A friend just sent me this joke and well it was too good not to share...


&quot;George W. Bush has a heart attack and dies. He goes to 
hell where the devil is waiting for him.
&quot;I don&apos;t know what to do here,&quot; says the devil. &quot;You&apos;re on my list but I 
have no room for you, but you definitely have to stay here, so I&apos;ll tell 
you what I&apos;m going to do. I&apos;ve got 3 people here who weren&apos;t quite as bad 
as you. I&apos;ll let one of them go, but you have to take their place. I&apos;ll 
even let YOU decide who leaves.&quot;

    George thought that sounded pretty good, so he agreed.
The devil opened the first room. In it was Ted Kennedy and a large pool of
water. He kept resurfacing over and over and over, gasping for air. Such 
was his fate in hell.
 &quot;No!&quot; George said. &quot;I don&apos;t think so. I&apos;m not a good swimmer and don&apos;t 
think I could do that all day long.&quot;
The devil led him to the next room. In it was Tony Blair with a 
sledgehammer and a room full of rocks. All he did was swing that hammer, 
time after time after time, and more rocks appeared.
 &quot;No! I&apos;ve got this problem with my shoulder. I would be in constant 
agony if all I could do was break rocks all day!&quot; commented George.
The devil opened a third door. In it, George saw Bill Clinton lying naked 
on the floor with his arms staked over his head and his legs staked in 
spread eagle pose.  Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does

best.
George Bush looked at this in disbelief for a while and finally said,
&quot;Yeah, I can handle this.&quot;
The devil smiled and said... &quot;Monica, you&apos;re free to go!&quot; &quot;
