---
layout: post
title: "coincidence"
date: 2006-04-02
slug: 2006-04-02-2
---

Jack and I have since we moved here, gone to a little Thai Restaurant that we had come to love.   It wasn&apos;t the food so much since really it was on the boring side of Thai, but because of the waitress/ part owner named Sandy, who always had us in stitches.  For a long while we after Megan was born we switched to getting take out.  About a year ago we started taking Megan there for dinner.  She started eating just rice and the carrot garnish and soon was eating PAD SEE-EW and Tofu, and Broccoli.   Pretty soon it was our regular friday night dinner.  

A few weeks ago, we had something planned on Friday night so we switched to thursday.  Sandy was happy to see us and dinner was nice.  The next week we went back to friday only to discover the friday previous, Sandy had stormed out and left the restaurant for good.  We ate our dinner as usual but all the while the place felt empty without her.  We figured we&apos;d never see Sandy again, and spent the whole meal explaining to Megan over and over that Sandy had moved on.

The next week we decided to branch out... so we tried Thai Garden in Hayward.  It was pretty good but  really too far to drive.  This past friday we tried &quot;Sala Thai&quot; which was wonderful.  The food was so fresh and just delicious.   Jack and Megan at one point went off to the potty and I started chatty with the waitress telling her our saga of Sandy, and she giggled and said &quot;Sandy&apos;s here now&quot;... NO WAY!  sure enough Sandy came out, and Megan gave her a big hug and we were so thrilled to have our Sandy back.  

We told her how we decided to find a new place after she left and that we&apos;d tried &quot;Thai Garden&quot; in Hayward the week before - &quot;that&apos;s my sister&apos;s place&quot; she informed us... so had I just told that waitress our saga we would have found Sandy sooner... It apparently was meant to be, as it turned out we now have a new , better friday night Thai place with our favorite waitress to boot. 
