---
layout: post
title: "Since I took the time to answer this email..."
date: 2006-06-27
slug: 2006-06-27-1
---

I figured I&apos;d blog and share too...

1. FIRST NAME? Lauren

2. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? nope

3. WHEN DID YOU LAST CRY? Really really cry - alittle over a week ago when I had to put my dog down.

4. DO YOU LIKE YOUR HANDWRITING? yes - it reminds me of my mom

5. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE LUNCH MEAT? turkey pastrami

6. KIDS? Megan Michele 3

7. IF YOU WERE ANOTHER PERSON WOULD YOU BE FRIENDS WITH YOU? absolutely

8. DO YOU HAVE A JOURNAL? http://www.muttmansion.com/vl

9. DO YOU USE SARCASM A LOT? a little

10. DO YOU STILL HAVE YOUR TONSILS? no thank goodness - best decision I&apos;ve ever made

11. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? no way

12. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? not a huge cereal fan

13. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? never

14. DO YOU THINK YOU ARE STRONG? yes very much so

15. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE ICE CREAM FLAVOR? dolce de leche or anything with carmel in it

16. SHOE SIZE? 10

17. Red or Pink? pink

18. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF?  i&apos;m only just starting to really stand up for myself - I wish that had happened sooner

19. WHO DO YOU MISS THE MOST? my mom

20. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? no - really not necessary

21. WHAT COLOR PANTS AND SHOES ARE YOU WEARING?i&apos;m in my PJ&apos;s black pants and no shoes

22. LAST THING YOU ATE? does coffee count? and a vitamin pill - otherwise we&apos;d have to goto dinner last night - thai - yum

23. WHAT ARE YOU LISTENING TO RIGHT NOW? Miffy (Megan&apos;s watching it next to me)  but on my ipod i&apos;m currently going through any and all Sting

24. IF YOU WERE A CRAYON, WHAT COLOR WOULD YOU BE? I really don&apos;t know or care - not something i ever contemplate 

25. FAVORITE SMELL?  Megan pretty much anytime - but after a good night sleep she smells heavenly

26. WHO WAS THE LAST PERSON YOU TALKED TO ON THE PHONE? Malai

27. THE FIRST THING YOU NOTICE ABOUT PEOPLE YOU ARE ATTRACTED TO? hands and smile

28. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? yes my college buddy! ( who would answer no to this and then send it back - mean!)  

29. FAVORITE DRINK?  Ginger drop from Straights basically a ginger infused vodka matrini

30. FAVORITE SPORT? To watch - college football, to play swimming

31. EYE COLOR? Brown. 

32. HAT SIZE ...big head big hat - haven&apos;t a clue what the number is

33. DO YOU WEAR CONTACTS? nope but i need to goto the eye doctor 

34. FAVORITE FOOD? I like most food.  I&apos;m tired of some things because we eat it alot with Megan - like sushi, and italian.  I love thai, Ethiopian, Greek, afghan - can you tell I live in a really multi-cultural area

35. SCARY MOVIES OR HAPPY ENDING? Happy endings

36. LAST MOVIE YOU WATCHED AT THE MOVIES? The Lake House - before that An Inconvenient Truth 

37. WHAT COLOR SHIRT ARE YOU WEARING? bluish purple t-shirt

38. SUMMER OR WINTER? winter

39. HUGS OR KISSES? kisses

40. FAVORITE DESSERT? bread pudding

41. WHO IS MOST LIKELY TO RESPOND? not sure who i will send it to

42. LEAST LIKELY TO RESPOND? see the previous one

43. WHAT BOOKS ARE YOU READING? The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios  by Yann Martel, The Bean Trees by Barbara Kingsolver, Cosmos by Caarl Sagan, Half Moon Investigations by Eion Colfer and I just ordered Darcy & Elizabeth: Nights and Days at Pemberley (Paperback) . 
Megan and I just started My father&apos;s dragon - our second chapter book.

44. WHAT&apos;S ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a lap top so no mouse pad 

45. WHAT DID YOU WATCH ON TV LAST NIGHT? The Closer

47. ROLLING STONE OR BEATLES? god neither - I guess Rolling Stones  

48. THE FURTHEST YOU&apos;VE BEEN FROM HOME? Not sure - Tokyo I guess

49. WHAT&apos;S YOUR SPECIAL TALENT? my salad are amazing if I do say so myself, I love to cook and am pretty good at it.  I&apos;m also a great mom - if I do say so myself.

50. WHEN AND WHERE WERE YOU BORN? Aurora MO, 1970.

51. WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Jacqueline
