---
layout: post
title: "Morning update .. First sleepover"
date: 2006-03-30
slug: 2006-03-30-1
---

The girls got up and found Jack who was getting ready for work.  So he got them set up with Megan&apos;s v-tech game and that&apos;s where I found them a bit later.  I had no idea they were up, till Jack told me, and that was 20 minutes later at least.  But both got dressed easy and had breakfast.  It was a relatively quiet night,  and thankfully Megan didn&apos;t have the night terrors she occasionally has. 

After I shower and change we&apos;ll be off to drop Megan off at school and then Josephine and I will run some errands.  I was thinking of another picnic at the farm but the rain clouds mean thats out of the questions so we&apos;ll just come back here after we pick Megan up and have lunch and then the girls can play until Josephine&apos;s mom comes or dinner - which ever comes first :)

Update:  After dropping Megan off at school, Josephine and I headed off to Trader Joes and had a lovely time shopping.  We headed back to the house and I put all the groceries away.  Josephine entertained her self in Megan&apos;s room and after she got bored she headed up to the living room where she played with the v-tech Elmo&apos;s game.  We headed out to the hardware store and then picked up Megan.  

After returning home and eating sandwiches. The girls played outside despite the dark clouds we still haven&apos;t had the rain.  When they came in we painted t-shirts together before heading into my room to watch a movie.  The girls are there now - all bundled up in the bed drinking chocolate milk and watching &quot;Monster&apos;s Inc&quot;




