---
layout: post
title: "Tipsy..."
date: 2006-08-27
slug: 2006-08-27-2
---

This has been a wonderful weekend.  Friday night started out a little disappointing. I wanted Megan to Nap so  I told her no nap no Little Gym (parent Survival NIght from 6:30 to 10), well she didn&apos;t nap which meant Jack and I had to cancel our plans.  No worries we had a lovely dinner cooked by Jack and watch sci-fi friday with Eric.

Saturday Megan, Jack and I got up pretty early.  They headed out for Bagels while I busied myself around the house, then we loaded up the car and went into SF for the  [Renaissance Faire](http://www.ggfaire.com/)  which Megan loved.  We bought her  a princess dress upon entering so she fit the part, and we even had her hair braided (pictures to follow i&apos;m sure).  The only negative was the food.  We arrived at lunch and the lines for all the food booths all in one spot were way to long, so we wondered and while Megan was having her hair braided I went back and stood in line for 20 minutes for some pretty bad food even for a fair.  But the Jousting was very cool, and Megan got to do some embroidery with some ladies in a crafts tent.  

We headed out around 3 and goto Pam and Yvonne&apos;s around 4 where we DROPPED MEGAN OFF! for those of you with family close enough to babysit for you you can not guess the pleasure at doing this for fun.  Megan stayed there once before when I had my tonsils out and so while it was nice that she stayed there, we didn&apos;t get any fun benefits from it.  

Jack and I went home, got dressed up and headed over to Palo Alto with little plans but with the idea of a good dinner and maybe a show.  We found a wonderful  [German restaurant](http://www.elbe-restaurant.com/) .  The food was scrumptious and the beers were lovely.  Definitely on our list to take guest to.

After we wondered down to The Aquarius to see  [Little Miss Sunshine](http://www2.foxsearchlight.com/littlemisssunshine/)  a truly wonderful film - go see this picture.

Then this morning we awoke and headed to napa where Jack and I took  [the Napa Valley Wine Train Vista Dome Lunch](http://www.winetrain.com/wtginfo_railcars_dome.html)  and had a superb time.  The food was delicious, not reheated but freshly prepared and yummy, the wines were great, and the scenery was beautiful.  After our first 3 courses we headed down to the end of the train and rode in the back on the deck - like politicians of old - waving at the passerby&apos;s, before heading back up for coffee and desert.  THANK YOU CASA DE NEWF CHRISTMAS 2004!

We managed to make great time afterward getting back to Oakland where we picked up one very tired Megan (who slept very little because she and Josephine wanted to keep playing) and we stopped by the pool for a quick dip before heading home.  Megan was in bed by 8 and Jack and I headed in by 10 (though i&apos;m still awake and blogging) 

The icing on the cake is I got 2 more sponsors  [ today which brings my total raised for the swim a thon to $308!.](/vl/archives/003062.html)    Keep those donations coming - its a great cause!
