---
layout: post
title: "Im getting so old..."
date: 2007-12-15
slug: 2007-12-15-2
---

We have a sitter for the month.  Our sitter when off to collage last fall, after our previous one moved to LA and with the whole foot break I never found another.  So we just haven&apos;t been going out really.  We don&apos;t live near family so we used some friends occasionally, and our local little gym has had some Parent Survival nights. We&apos;ve gotten by just fine.  But our collage sitter is home for the holidays and we&apos;ve been taking advantage.  Tonight we went out with friends while their daughter and Megan hung out here and had a night of it.  We went out to dinner, and then walked over to the local mega-plex to see  [I Am Legend](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/i_am_legend/) .  

Let me say first off this is a good movie.  Its well made and Will Smith is off the hook good.  But here&apos;s where I know I&apos;m getting old.  It was way to intense for me.  I spent large portions of the movie hiding in Jack&apos;s arm and back.  Other parts my hands sufficed.  At one point it calmed down and Jack ran out to get something sweet and I thought - Damn he better get back before I need to hide my head again!

I was so anxious - I actually used up my Deodorant - Even now - after a shower and with Little People Big World on the TV, my heart is pounding just thinking about this movie.  So go if you enjoy that sort of thing.  But if I were you I&apos;d wait for DVD, small tv&apos;s and the ability to leave the room.


