---
layout: post
title: "Another Lovely Weekend..."
date: 2007-02-26
slug: 2007-02-26-1
---

First off friday i swam 2 miles, finishing off the 37. 5 mile  swim and starting it again.  It felt great, - Jack came and we swam together, plus I had 1/2 a lane to my self until the last 12 laps so I was happy.

Saturday came and while Jack and Megan went on a bike ride with friends, I headed to an outlet mall to find Megan some new dresses.  Jack and I went out saturday night and had lovely dinner at  [Elbe](http://www.elbe-restaurant.com/) .  The rest of our evening is classified.

Sunday came and after  breakfast at our favorite diner Jack and Megan headed to the pool to play with friends and I went to see  [Music & Lyrics](http://imdb.com/title/tt0758766/) - which I throughly enjoyed. Drew was great, and Hugh was his normal character self -   Very Very funny.

Megan and I then drove Jack to the airport - he has a business trip this week, and she cried half way there and all the way home.  She was very cute giving him a little stuffed bunny to take with him so that he wouldn&apos;t be alone.  By the time we got home she told me she was too sad to play with our Wii but once I assured her we&apos;d pick daddy up together she decided she could in fact play. 

After dinner she and i had some hot cocoa and watched the opening of the Oscars.  I got 14 right, Jack 11 - this is my best year guessing and i didn&apos;t even see half the movies.  The only bummer was that Gore didn&apos;t announce and said he wouldn&apos;t.  I really like him, and would have gladly voted for him again.


