---
layout: post
title: "Exercise update"
date: 2007-01-31
slug: 2007-01-31-2
---

On just swimming a mile 3 - 4  times a week I was maintaining my weight.  I know i&apos;d gained muscle and stamina, I have also lost clothing sizes,  but the lbs which is all I care about really - no matter what I said - they were staying put.  Well taking a page from Jack, and my friend Malai who works out 2 times a day, I started adding a second work out some days.  So my schedule is now 

Swim a mile Monday, Wed, Friday and either Tuesday or thursday depending on Jack&apos;s schedule, and also add hike, cardio dvd, or elliptical in the afternoon.  Well that seems to have started the trick - i&apos;m down 3 Kilos in the last week. - Yes friends we have a kilo scale thanks to our years in Australia.  I&apos;ve recently bought a lb scale so i&apos;ll know that number too.

And best of all is that I am feeling really good, I&apos;m sleeping more soundly at night, drifting off with out any sort of sleep aid, and a lot of my aches and pains are much less.  

My lower back pain too was helped by going to  [Bras for Body and Soul](http://www.brasforbodyandsoul.org/)  and getting sized.  Man what a difference to have great support!  I basically went into a fitting room with a woman who brought me 15 or so different bras after taking my measurements.  I bought 3 different ones and love them all.  It was really a great experience, one i&apos;ll repeat as I continue to lose weight.

ADDITIONAL:  I got a request as to what the dvd is I&quot;m doing... Follow the  [Link](http://www.amazon.com/Ultimate-Body-Beginning-Workouts-Weight/dp/B0002PUDPA/sr=1-2/qid=1170311190/ref=pd_bbs_sr_2/104-1331082-2707136?ie=UTF8&s=dvd) 



