---
layout: post
title: "back from Vegas..."
date: 2007-06-11
slug: 2007-06-11-1
---

I had a really lovely time.  I use lovely way to much on this blog 

We had a hiccup getting there but since Southwest over sold the flight but 2 volunteers took the money and we got on.  Once we arrived we really had an easy time of it, saw 2 shows  - Ka (Cirque) (awesome) and Wayne Brady (great for the first half, boring for the second), ate great food, including at Todd English&apos;s Olives.  I spent a couple of hours in the poker room at the Mirage and managed to triple up my money before I went back to zero.  

The highlight was probably the massage at the Bellagio.   I had the most gorgeous man I&apos;ve ever seen give me an hour long hot stone massage.  After we just hung out and relaxed in the spa, soaking the tubs, reading magazines and trying out the steam room and sauna.  It was so incredibly indulgent.

While I had a really wonderful time, now that i&apos;ve done Vegas I don&apos;t think I want to go back.  I hated the heat - we walked everywhere since cab lines were always 50 people long and traffic meant we could walk faster than the cabs anyway.  I swelled up in the heat and ended up ringless all weekend.  I hated the dudes on the street flicking there cards with numbers for hookers - really annoyed me.  I hate smoke and walking through casinos and having your eyes start to water was annoying.  And for a person who doesn&apos;t really like crowds, I was overwhelmed.    I won&apos;t make a point of returning.  Vegas just isn&apos;t for me.
