---
layout: post
title: "Movies Movies Movies..."
date: 2007-05-29
slug: 2007-05-29-1
---

I&apos;ve seen 3 movies in the last 4 days. And that doesn&apos;t include the remake of &quot; Inherit the wind&quot; which Jack and I watched on TV tonight, or Nicolas cage in Lord of War which we watched over the weekend. (both of these I loved though Lord of War actually made me put my laptop down and pay attention)

First on saturday after attending a baby shower (for my lovely friend Simone - Congrats Simone & Marty)  I went and saw [The Waitress](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/waitress/)  which I enjoyed though feel the build up of 90% on rotten tomatoes kind of meant it would disappoint - though not much.  I think my biggest disappointment came with Nathan Fillion who I loved in Firefly, but I didn&apos;t really care for him in this - guess I like him as a commanding Captain better.   Also finding out about the murder of the co-star/ writer, director before this movie came out and was received, but a damper on my reflection of it.    There was a big poster up as we left the theater that mentioned her murder and when I came home and read it (and realized Law and Order had already ripped it off)  I was so saddened I think it made the movie a bit more melancholy than comedy.

Next came Pirates which  [Jack](http//www.muttmansion.com/ds)  has already blogged about.  I liked it more than him and was entertained, but I will say I missed the simplicity of the ride - this movie was convoluted.  And Johnny Depp&apos;s multiple personalities at first I found hysterical, but the card was over played and by the end I was annoyed each and every time they used that devise.  I would recommend it for Pirates fans and hell I&apos;ll probably see any other Pirate movie Disney wants to throw out.  I will also say I&apos;m annoyed Jack didn&apos;t tell me about the scene after the credits until we were crossing the street to go back to the car and he knew about it! - I would have sat there and waited for it had I known.  He assured me I could find it on the net but I&apos;ve had no luck there.  If you go  - wait for it.  I will say also that it was not worth the money paid to the sitter given that it was something short of 3 hours, on top of the over inflated movie prices.  

Today I took Megan to see Shrek 3 and i have to say I loved it as much as I loved the first.  The humor was geared towards me though Megan seemed to love it just as much (even the second time around).  I was kind of disappointed with 2 - its seemed flat, but 3 was just hoot and I enjoyed trying to figure out who did which  voice and I loved the moment when the queen (played by Julie Andrews) hummed Raindrops on Roses!  best of the 3rd movies in a series i&apos;ve seen.

Guess I recommend them all - take that for what you will.





