---
layout: post
title: "Bad Bad Blogger"
date: 2007-04-30
slug: 2007-04-30-1
---

I&apos;ve been a bad blogger of late.  No excuse really - just haven&apos;t felt much like sharing.  Though we&apos;ve had some great stories to share, like how Megan told everyone at school the other day while they were lining up and fighting over who would be first in line - &quot;Guys Guys, it doesn&apos;t matter whose first - we are all the same!&quot;

Or how she&apos;s been singing fairly non-stop of late, mostly Beauty and the Beast songs but she&apos;s thrown in a little &quot;Short Skirt and Long Jacket&quot; from Cake.

I could have also shared how we&apos;ve been doing Themed dinners before Poker night, tonight is German, Last week was Spain, and the week before was France.  The dinners have turned out really lovely.  For France I made Beef Burgundy which was extremely labor intensive, but supper yummy.  Spain I marinated Chicken and grilled it served with Saffron Rice.  Jack has been doing desserts - for France he made Profiteroles and for Spain Lovely super thin pancakes with an Orange sauce.  

I could also blog about how last week I had incredibly good cards at Poker night - for the first few hours I just couldn&apos;t loose - I was up to 50 Bucks at one point.  But in the end of the night I was back down to a nice 35 - 25 over my buy in!

Gee is loving her sculpting and cooking classes.  Jack put together a swing set last week - one of those big wooden ones.  Oh and we installed a new low-flow toilet in Megan&apos;s bathroom which she loves showing people.  It uses 1.6 gallons of water as opposed to our old one  that used 7 gallons.  Even if you occasionally have to flush twice the water savings are great.

I&apos;ll try to be a better blogger, but honestly my mood has to improve.  I&apos;ve been a little off lately, kind of sad with no apparent reason.
