---
layout: post
title: "wonderful Mothers day then UGH"
date: 2007-05-16
slug: 2007-05-16-1
---

We had a really great weekend.  Josephine came over and spent the night saturday - she and Megan played until they both passed out and slept soundly through sunday morning.  I didn&apos;t realize Jack was having such a time breathing, so I let him pamper me despite the whole no breathing thing. I&apos;m glad he is feeling better now and has been to the doctor.  

We enjoyed Mini Golf and Go-karts with the girls, in the morning and then Pam and Yvonne joined us for a bbq before they all headed home.  

Monday I was back at the pool and Cooking for our Poker crew.  I also have been working on planning our trip to San Francisco which Jack and I are taking for our 15th anniversary.  Before that I&apos;m going to Vegas with a mom friend and have been busy planning that as well.  This weekend we&apos;re going to camp with a bunch of families I know for a night - they are staying 2 but 1 is a good start for us. 

The ugh in the title refers to the fact that I have yet another cold - this makes 5 in 5 months!  I&apos;m so tired of being stuffy and achy.  I can&apos;t believe that i&apos;ve had more colds since I started getting healthier.  It makes absolutely no sense.  So I skipped  the pool this morning and ran some errands. 

I&apos;ll end on a cute Megan story.  Last night while we were cuddling in her bed, and singing songs, I sang to her, as I often do, &quot;You are my sunshine&quot;  about half way through she tried to interrupt me and I prevented her saying Let me finish.  When I was done I asked her what she wanted to say and she said....

&quot;Mom - why do you sing a song about me being your Son when I&apos;m your Daughter?!&quot;
