---
layout: post
title: "Merry Belated"
date: 2007-12-28
slug: 2007-12-28-1
---

I know its several days after the fact, but we have just been having too much fun.  I haven&apos;t even been playing with my new laptop let alone blogging.  First off - my birthday was a hoot.  My morning started with Megan and Jack jumping into bed with me with gifts.  Then I volunteered in Megan&apos;s Classroom and was able to watcher her get &quot;Outstanding Student of the Month&quot; award!  We ended the night when Jack and I went out with a friend for a nice dinner.  It really was a perfect day.  

Then on Saturday the 22 we had our open house.  I cooked all day some yummy  hor&apos;dourves.   By early evening our house was stuffed with lots of friends. It was a very merry event and I&apos;m sure we&apos;ll be doing it again!

Sunday night we rode  [The Train of Lights](http://www.ncry.org/home.htm)  which was really delightful.  We were the car Santa and Mrs Clause started in so we stayed in our seats until they past used and Megan got to tell Santa a last minute wish (that thankfully Mumsie and Grandpa had already taken care of!  Mumsie - its beautiful BTW)

Christmas eve day was a day filled with excitement and expectations.   It was really the first holiday Megan was fully aware of what was coming, and her giddiness was contagious.  Jack baked Cinnamon Rolls which he passed out to neighbors and our local fire house, while Megan and I made cookies for Santa.  

Jack and I actually woke up well before Megan on the 25th.  I was able to sneak out and watch the morning news, and enjoy a cinnamon bun and coffee.  Her self managed to stumble out of bed at 8:30 and we started opening gifts.  Megan was delighted, well heck we all were!  And she loved and I mean LOVED her new dollhouse, which Jack and I had built and decorated since thanksgiving (OK Jack built and did most of the painting, but do you know how hard it is to sew throw pillows on such a small scale!  I made Curtains, blankets and pillows for the whole house.  

Jack headed to LA the next day to see Pop&apos;s and Aunt Marsha.  Meanwhile Megan and I have been having so much fun, playing games.  I saw PS I Love you yesterday while she went to an afternoon camp at LIttle Gym, and today we hung out with our dear friends P Y & J.  

We&apos;ve canceled our plans for New Years and will be hanging local  after all, but have already gotten 2 invites, so all is well.  One Party is more for kids and is starting early.  We&apos;ll be home by MIdnight (east Coast time) and then  the two sleepy heads can get to bed.  I&apos;m sure i&apos;ll have more to update later.  
