---
layout: post
title: "fun and Pain"
date: 2007-01-18
slug: 2007-01-18-1
---

Today was a really good day ... i&apos;ll get to the pain in a minute. 

First off, Megan&apos;s friend Audrey turned 4 today, so we headed out to have lunch and a build-a-bear session. We had a little bit of a time getting a table at cheese cake factory.  But the kids had a great time playing in the lobby.  Lunch was yummy - though way to much food.

After that we headed over and Megan made an adorable bear.  Its a cute concept for a business but a heck of a racket - the Bear body costs one thing, add some sound and its more,  get a cute outfit etc ... it can be really expensive.  Megan was using up a gift certificate so for me it was cheap :)

Now for the pain.

While waiting for a table Megan&apos;s forehead hit my nose at an odd angle and i actually heard a crack - now i&apos;m sore and little its actually turning a little black and blue - and yes it still hours later hurts.

Come bed time, Megan wanted to put her new bear in some PJ&apos;s, so I dug around in her closet for some baby clothes.  When i stepped off the stool I ended up putting all my weight on the foot that landed on the wheel of her baby stroller.  So now i&apos;m sore on both ends. 

The final straw came when Megan undressed her new bear and we discovered the stitches had come undone.  I couldn&apos;t wait till tomorrow and take it back.  Megan is crushed and asked me to fix it.  So After finishing up the minutes for my mom&apos;s club board, I dug out my sewing kit and sewed it shut, annoyed all the way.  But now its in PJ&apos;s and sleeping with her new mommy.  Megan even stirred and and said &quot;thank you mommy&quot;





