---
layout: post
title: "what have I done to myself..."
date: 2007-09-04
slug: 2007-09-04-1
---

I&apos;ve made it to 36 and and am using my first pair of crutches.  I fell today coming out of the kitchen into the garage, in front of a woman who came to buy Megan&apos;s old playhouse.  This was at 10:55 this morning.  I managed to get up and hobble around, made Megan lunch and then got her to school. By the time I got out of the car at her school at around 11:15 my ankle and foot had swelled up and I could no longer put weight on it with out alot of pain.  When I got back into the car and sat breathing deeply I decided to head straight over to the urgent care clinic.  Xrays confirmed a sprain though by the time the doctor saw me I had a grapefruit size ball on the upper side of my ankle.  He prescribed some drugs, and an air cast, along with a referral to an orthopedic guy who can&apos;t see me til Friday.    Jack came home and helped me run around, collecting Megan and dropping me off at the Cast place while they fitted me.  Also taking me to get some crutches since I really now can&apos;t put any weight on it.  

Nothing huge for me to try to accomplish this week, I&apos;d just planned some more cleaning up and organizing, which can certainly wait.

Jack and I have been on a clean up frenzy  lately.  I cleaned our closet which hadn&apos;t been done since we moved here 10 years ago, Jack organized the garage and this past weekend we emptied out the living room, painted it white I mean sunbleached shell, and then put it back together cleaning each piece and purging quite a bit so that the room is cleaner and just looks great.

My craft room/guest room was next but will wait until I loose the crutches and can carried out the bags of baby clothes I&apos;m going to donate to charity.
