---
layout: post
title: "How Target almost lost my buisness, or ... how I wasted an hour yesturday"
date: 2007-08-30
slug: 2007-08-30-1
---

I know your just dying to hear my Target Saga!.  

So before our trip to Denver I went to Target and bought 2 Eddie bauer Duffle bags with wheels and handles so we could just do carry on luggage for our trip.  It worked beautifully and we managed with out needed to check anything, except one of the duffles handle broke mid pull.  The weight in both were about the same, and we managed to get the handle back on.  All was well until we arrived back in Oakland and then as we were heading back to the car it happened again.  No problem I told Jack - i&apos;ll take it back to our Target, I still have the receipt and its faulty.  

So yesterday after dropping Megan off, I went to Target in Hayward, where I bought it less than a week ago.  and the girl at guest services was nice but said since it was a 100 dollar item she had to get a manager to sign off, I said fine and she called over Fernando.  He goes on to tell me that since we used the bag and he can&apos;t put it on the shelf to sell he won&apos;t let me return it.  

Wait I said its BROKEN -  you shouldn&apos;t put it back anyway - it needs to go back to the manufacturer.  No he said Even though I  had the receipt HE WOULD NOT TAKE IT BACK.  I blew up and said let me talk to who ever is higher up than you.  He said I&apos;m it, there is no one higher than me right now in the store.  If I wanted to complain I could call the company.  Fine - GIVE ME THE NUMBER RIGHT NOW.  

and then I sat on a bench right next to guest services and called corporate.  And this is why I will shop there again, The not only apologized for how Fernando treated me, they called the store back and told them to take my return.  I would have had more satisfaction if Fernando had been the one to get the call but it seems HE LIED and was merely head cashier - the actual store manager sent over another head cashier to deal with me, because in the mean while Fernando Left for the day.  I got my money back, but I still wrote a letter to corporate about this jerk who was rude and lied to me.  

One bad apple won&apos;t spoil the bunch - i&apos;ll still shop there.  But I won&apos;t deal with him if I ever need to talk to a manager.
