---
layout: post
title: "Pandoras box"
date: 2007-12-31
slug: 2007-12-31-1
---

I have this family member, someone who I love, and looked upto as a child.  Now that I&apos;m older, I think more of us a equals.  But I think it must be hard for someone who considered themselves the adult to go and consider that person as an equal and a friend.  

So I&apos;ve been trying for a few years to be friends with this person.  Mostly, in honesty because of my mom, who said as she laid dying that she worried for her family, that we didn&apos;t all get along.  So when an opening came, I took the chance and got sucked in.  

For it turns out it was like opening Pandora&apos;s Box.  At first everyone behaves and you think this isn&apos;t that bad, what was I afraid of.  But then little by little you start to realize that your not happy, you&apos;ve let someone in who now feels like they can change you or control you.  Come Christmas Eve and I get an email from this person telling me ...

&quot; thanks for reminding me of how mom cherished Christmas - remember 21 boxes of ornaments and four trees?  You know, before ... before mom died.  She cried for you and hoped that you would see her in heaven.  I hope you will at least consider her hope and love for you.  What she actually said was
&quot;I hope Jesus will accept Lori back&quot;.  I told her that Jesus always has opens arms for those who love Him.  She was really worried about your lack of faith.&quot;  ( I took out bits that identified this person, though anyone in the family knows who this is)...

Any way I was irate.  I was actually violently ill in response to this - how dare this person think for a moment they had the right to dangle my mothers wishes for me over me.  I responded very angrily and used words I didn&apos;t actual feel.  I just wanted to hurt as much as this hurt me.  

The truth is that after years of study, and contemplation I gave up religion and became an atheist.  Well I was agnostic at first, but the last few years I gave up that title.  I have no doubts in my decision,  science is my truth.  That&apos;s not to say I think Jesus never existed.  He was a teacher and a prophet, just someone I choose not to follow.  The thing is though, I admit I could be wrong.  I don&apos;t think so but I also don&apos;t think there is only one path.  I believe this more passionately then any thing else, that everyone must follow their own path - what ever feels right to them and I would never stand in anyones way.  But in this email I did tell this person to never bring up their faith with me.  When in reality I don&apos;t care if someone wants to bring up their faith with me.  I have lots of friends and family of different faiths, and have no issue with any of them.  I can honestly say I&apos;ve never tried to convert anyone to atheism.  Religion is a personal road for everyone.  If you ask me questions about why I choose to believe or not then I may choose to share, but that&apos;s it.

The funny thing is though - I find with most people, they don&apos;t ask they just assume that I&apos;d be put out by their faith.  When really I usually don&apos;t think about it.  I just hope everyone is happy and if their faith makes them happy then more power to them.  ... 

So where am I going with this ramble..Well I guess I&apos;m looking for the respect I try to give.  I&apos;m not looking to convert you or subvert your faith because i appreciate that its yours and yours alone.  I just ask that you don&apos;t try to convert me.  

So where do I stand with this family member.  Well being their friend is exhausting, and I&apos;m pretty much done trying that.  And it sounds like from all thats been said they feel being my friend is exhausting too.  So we cut the close ties.  And I&apos;m sad about that.  But in the end its probably be for the best.  We&apos;ll always be connected through family.  But who says you have to be best friends with all your family.  I&apos;ll always strive to  accept people for who they are and be there for family when they need me.  But I no longer feel I  should try have to foster unhealthy connections just because I feel some sense of responsibility.

Anyway - Peace out 2007 you&apos;ve been a very trying year.  I&apos;m looking forward to 2008!
