---
layout: post
title: "disgusting"
date: 2007-03-30
slug: 2007-03-30-1
---

Little dog Duncan is probably the most disgusting dog i&apos;ve ever owned.  If you don&apos;t want to hear my Complaints then stop reading now..

First off he eats shit.  Not just any shit but Oso&apos;s shit.  So that means I have to put stuff in Oso&apos;s food to get little guy to leave it alone and Oso is the pickiest eater on the planet (when I say picky I mean he only eats air and then only when no one is looking!)  So my only other choice was to be on top of the shit in the back yard.  So i&apos;m out there ever day most days twice a day but still I know from the bite marks that the damn little dog is getting his fill.  -AVOID KISSES FROM HIM ALWAYS.  

So this is where I find out he&apos;s not just gross but smart.  For a few days I found no poop.  Lots of little guy poop but no Oso poop anywhere.  I started growing concerned cause that would mean that the poor guy is stopped up.  So I watched him more closely and when I saw him actually poop I felt relief and continued with pick up duties.  But here&apos;s the thing if I didn&apos;t see him poop I didn&apos;t find the poop.  That is last weekend when I decided to mow the back since we were having company (despite having a lawn man)  And when I moved the table I found a stash of Oso poop - the damn little dog has been hoarding it to keep me from picking it up!

So Now i look for stashes, or get out the second I see Oso&apos;s butt pucker... But alas I know its still getting through and LIttle dog still gets his fix.  This morning he came in to the sofa where Megan and I were cuddling and hanging out and proceeded to cough up (due to lots of grass content) a little bit of poop - it made both Megan and I gag - and even she said she wasn&apos;t thrilled with Little guy... Any one want a small Corgi Mix - he&apos;s got the attitude of a giant and the appetite of a sewer.

well no takers - damn that dog is lucky we made a commitment to keep him.

