---
layout: post
title: "Happy Birthday my darling Princess!"
date: 2007-10-25
slug: 2007-10-25-1
---

Megan turned five today! She is so grown up, and yet still my baby.  We had a big party this past sunday.  She Ask for a bounce house and all her friends, cupcakes and balloons.  The theme was Groovy Girls which is a doll line.  We had a really great time.  I made appetizers and salad, Jack made the cupcakes with home made candy flowers, and then we had Pizza from a local place.  We had a great turn out too. 

We made her wait to open all her gifts till today. (well there were 2 exceptions)

Then each day this week, we done something birthday celebratory.  On Monday during dance class  she got to open another gift, from a friend who&apos;d missed the party.  Wednesday we met a friend at the park and she got to open another present.  We also went to Borders and picked out a  [Book](http://www.amazon.com/Pinkalicious-Victoria-Kann/dp/0060776390/ref=pd_bbs_1/102-3222365-1496139?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1193378319&sr=8-1)  to donate in Megan&apos;s name to her class room on her birthday.

And then today - she woke up early and climbed into my bed, we cuddled while Jack and I sang her &quot;Happy Birthday&quot;  We had a quiet morning, a little home work, etc, and got dressed and readied her for picture day at school.  While she was in school, I baked some cookies, and when I picked her up I brought her a balloon and we headed off to meet Play group at the park.  When we came home, she opened all her gifts, and then headed off to Megan&apos;s choice for dinner - Sushi!  Jack had gone ahead of time and dropped off a small cake and the restaurant lady went out and got another balloon  so our birthday girl was officially spoiled!

Tomorrow - we have a halloween party, Saturday the Un-Haunted house at our local nature center, So the festivities will continue.





