---
layout: post
title: "Back from Colorado"
date: 2007-08-25
slug: 2007-08-25-1
---

We&apos;re back from a brief trip to Colorado, where we got to see my sister Terri and her clan of amazing kids.  Cassie is strong, athletic and articulate, Annie is thoughtful, poised, and Confident.  They are both so beautiful. Its an honor to have them as my nieces.  I only wish I&apos;d met them sooner. 

 Jessica stole Megan&apos;s heart in a matter of minutes and the two have already made plans for many visits in the future.  She is a spite fire with energy that reminds me of my big sister.  Finally Wheeler is a charming boy with so much Cutherell Character!  All the kids are well behaved and the house is a bundle of energy.  I can&apos;t wait to go back and see them all again.

Terri&apos;s kids had already started school so our days were mostly with Terri, and then with the younger two who got out before lunch.  We ate out one night for sushi, but the next two were easier to just hang out and cook and continue to get to know each other and for Terri and I to reminisce. 

We managed to get our hands on a Wii before we left so we brought it to them and introduced the Boulder bunch to the joys of Wii Sports. Everyone got to get in on the game which is why the Wii is so great.

I guess my heart and Jack&apos;s though goes to Terri&apos;s new dog Marsha - a lovable mutt who reminds me so much of Ripley I&apos;m actually grieving a bit now that I&apos;m home.  I love Oso and Little Guy but Ripley was such a love of our lives, that we still have pictures of her grizzled face up all over the house.  
