---
layout: post
title: "New Cast"
date: 2007-09-21
slug: 2007-09-21-1
---

The swelling in my ankle has gone down considerably and so the cast was becoming rather loose.  This morning I awoke and realized I was being rubbed raw on the top of my foot.  Or rather I was worried I was soI headed over to my Ortho&apos;s office and got a new cast.  I&apos;m of the opinion having now had a plaster (when I was in 5th grade - left arm) and a fiberglass cast that plaster is better for long term - the fiberglass seems to get brittle with age.  I&apos;d had that one only 2 weeks (less really) and it was already coming apart on the heal and around the toes.  

I&apos;ve noticed a few funny things - like when I&apos;m standing in the shower with my cast in a  [protective bag](http://www.brokenbeauties.com/comfort-mobility/comfort-waterproof.php)  and up on a foot stool, I feel the heat and wetness on both feet - even though I know my broken one is feeling nothing but cast - It strikes me as so odd. 

Sleep is the hardest commodity for me.  I managed one really good night of sleep and that was thanks to unisom and vicodin.  Otherwise I&apos;m getting maybe 4 hours solid.  I&apos;d take the unisom every night but I hate how groggy I feel in the morning.  

I&apos;ve managed to stay on top of all my tv - mainly because I have nothing else to do.  Jack got me poker for the wii which entertains me and then there is solitaire - both on my lap top and on my iphone. I tried reading but I&apos;m just not able to wrap my brain around a book.  I did manage to have fun with a cover sheet for something for Megan - the teacher sent home an empty sheet of  cardstock and asked that we decorate it with pictures from Megan&apos;s life so that she&apos;ll be inspired in her story journal.  This will be the cover-  I printed up lots of pictures in miniature and made a collage.  

I&apos;ve also been entertained by chatting with people thanks to Jack setting me up on iChat.  I don&apos;t have a video so its just been chatting for me, but I had a great conversation last night with Terri&apos;s daughter Annie.

Overall it hasn&apos;t been all that bad.  I&apos;m bored and definitely depressed, but  [This](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB119024238402033039.html?mod=home_personal_journal_left)  puts it all in perspective - read with tissues handy.
