---
layout: post
title: "Too Busy to Blog"
date: 2007-08-08
slug: 2007-08-08-1
---

Its been very busy for me and Megan this week.  I guess its been a couple of weeks now.  Today for example we went with our neighbor and her grandson to Six Flags and had a wonderful time.  Tomorrow we&apos;re driving up to Mendocino to play with a friend who has gone on vacation there.  Earlier this week we saw Underdog (which Megan loved! - and I was entertained as well) had a dance class and a swim lesson.  On the weekend we went to a local art festival.  Last week was more of the same - every day busy!

Some cool news - I&apos;ve reconnected with an old friend from college - because Jack put in that new spam filter thing he was talking about on his blog.  I&apos;d been getting emails from Classmates.com for years since I&apos;d first registered with them like 5 years ago.  But I just had been treating it like all spam easier to just say junk in mail than go back to the source and say no more.  but now that i&apos;m not getting spam I&apos;ve been going back to companies and saying remove me from your list - so I actually went in the email to find the stop emailing me address and saw that someone had left me an email like a week ago.  So I went in and wow-! it was a friend i&apos;d been searching for and missing for 15 years! - way cool

I&apos;m also loving having the iphone - today at Six flags, when we&apos;d stopped to see a show or let the kids do a ride i&apos;d pull it out and send emails and pictures to Jack.  It was great to just be able to look anything up I wanted when I wanted.  Funny though I&apos;ve set the ringer to an old fashion phone, and today of all days I had 8 phone calls and managed to ignore them all because even though I heard the ringing I assumed it was a land line and it was probably coming from one of the vendors we were walking past!  

Add to all this the fact that i&apos;m in the midst of the final Harry Potter book and I&apos;ve been addicted to Paper Mario on the Wii and well who has time to blog!
