---
layout: post
title: "Still here"
date: 2007-10-03
slug: 2007-10-03-1
---

I know I promised a month of boring updates on how bored I am, but I guess i&apos;ve just been too bored to blog!

The foot is still in cast.  I now don&apos;t feel any pain in my ankle but I still feel pain in the brake point - especially when the damn cast comes to rest on that spot.  My favorite way to fall asleep is to spoon Oso - who sleeps between Jack and myself.  But to spoon him I have to sleep with the break against the bed which pushes the cast against it- Not comfortable right now.

I&apos;m counting the days until the darn thing comes off, but I don&apos;t want to get my hopes up in case the doctor says I have to live in a cast longer.  

I&apos;ve started planning Megan&apos;s b-day party which will be on the 21st - 2 weeks after the cast comes off.  
If I have to stay in it, that will put a major crimp in things - - It just can&apos;t happen.  I&apos;m so done being a gimp.

Had 2 lovely dinners out with my mom&apos;s group - the first was a board thank you dinner last week, and the other was a the whole club end of year dinner at a Japanese place last night.  

I&apos;ve had the new fall tv season to keep me company.  Love Gossip Girl, Chuck, Tourchwood, and Reaper.  Like Journeyman and Moonlight.  I&apos;m giving up on Cane and didn&apos;t even bother with Bionic Woman.  

New season of House, Weeds, Numbers, CSI, Heros - all good and ER - my one hour a week when i&apos;m back with my mom watching her favorite show, its great that its still on the air - I love ER.

I&apos;m more than a little annoyed that our leader vetoed the child health insurance bill - SHAME ON YOU Mr Bush - your legacy as our worst president reigns.  I hope the House and senate over ride it.
