---
layout: post
title: "Gimp for the next 6 weeks"
date: 2007-09-11
slug: 2007-09-11-1
---

or so...

I broke my  [Cubiod Bone ](http://sika.ecolad.com/img/foot_anatomy_bones01a.jpg) laterally from the calcaneous to the metatarsal.  basically the little bone on the side of the foot that connects the ankle bone to the first bone of the pinkie toe and for that i&apos;m going to have to be in a cast for the next 4 weeks, the boot for 2 more and if it doesn&apos;t heal right then surgery looms in the distance.   I&apos;m back on crutches and i&apos;ve been told by the ortho that I must not put any weight on my foot - period!  which is a pain in the butt.

Tonight was Megan&apos;s back to school night and even my nice new handicap hanger didn&apos;t make up for the fact that I had to use crutches all the way to the class room and back - They truly are a form of torture.  I&apos;m exhausted from the exertion and I didn&apos;t go very far.  I&apos;m in deep trouble if I expect to do anything in the next month.

A sad point also is that i won&apos;t be swimming in the  [Woman&apos;s Cancer Resource Center Swim](http://www.wcrc.org)  that Jack and I did last year and we&apos;d been looking forward to doing this year.  I&apos;m not allowed to get the damn thing wet so I shouldn&apos;t even go but probably will if nothing else so I can cheer Jack on if he does my mile as well as his own.

I&apos;m feeling very sorry for myself at the mement and hope I won&apos;t need a new cast after I cry and ruin this one.  Damn i&apos;m mad at my self.  At least now I know why it still hurts.


