---
layout: post
title: "Missing again..."
date: 2007-03-28
slug: 2007-03-28-1
---

When my dad and I traveled across country back in the summer of 2000 we stopped South Dakota and did all the usual haunts.  We saw  [Crazy Horse](http://www.crazyhorse.org/) .

One of my more favorite daytrips was to  [Jewel Cave](http://www.nps.gov/jeca/) . Were we took a tour of a breathtaking cave in the Black Hills.  While we were there in the middle of summer with outside temps in the upper 80&apos;s, the air in the cave was more like 60 so I wore a sweatshirt.  About half way through I felt warmer and proceeded to take off my sweat shirt only to feel my earring fall out.  The guide was nice enough to stop the tour and shine his flashlight around where I had been standing but no luck - there was too much glittering for us to find my little diamond stud.  So we finished the tour and I filled out a lost form at the ranger station when we ascended, all the while patting my self down looking for it.

It wasn&apos;t until we were driving away that i felt my chest and found stuck in my bra the missing earring. (thank goodness for the shelf that is boobs)  So I called the rangers back and canceled my lost report and happily went on my way.

Well I&apos;ve had several other close calls since then... Swimming in the lake in South Carolina this last summer I felt it come loose... the back end lost but I managed to catch the stud and pop it in my  google while I swam back to shore.

But today I fear it finally went for good.  I &apos;m not even sure when it came off but when I went to blow dry my hair after swimming I noticed it was gone.  I looked around but by then I&apos;d swum 1.5 miles, showered, toweled dried my hair, and to be honest it could have fallen off anytime before I even got to the pool.  Once again I filled out a Lost report and now its a waiting game... waiting to see if anyone or I find it.


