---
layout: post
title: "Update"
date: 2007-08-19
slug: 2007-08-19-1
---

We&apos;re still amazingly busy, but i have time for an update.  Megan and I had a lovely 2 days in Mendocino.  We stayed at a B&B which while nice had a disappointing breakfast  - Nothing home made or really fresh!  Jack and I have stayed in several b&b&apos;s over the years, including one in Tasmania called &quot;Squirrels in the park&quot;  Run by 2 expat brits who made us not only a wonderful breakfast but made us dinner the night before when we arrived in town with no dinner plans on a major holiday - nothing was open!.  So I was disappointed, but Megan had fun.  

We drove back and stopped at a farm stand picking up peaches freshly picked and ripe, corn that was just picked and so delicious!  We also stopped at  [a winery ](http://www.atlasofwineries.com/wineries/scharffenberger.html)  where I picked up a really wonderful Zin, and another bottle of white we haven&apos;t had yet.  We stopped in El Cerrito on the way home and had dinner with friends.

Jack and I tried going to differant movies last sunday - He and Megan saw  Underdog  while I watched  Becoming Jane .

The week was filled with lots of activities, including a trip to the zoo, and Ikea.  Megan also had gymnastics camp, Dance class and Sculpting class.  

Today I&apos;m going to film club and then heading down to Santa Cruz to have dinner at a friends bday party.  Tuesday we head to Denver for a couple of days with my sister, before Megan starts kindergarten - NEXT WEEK!

On the kindergarten front she has a new backpack and we got her class assignments.  She&apos;ll be attending afternoon kindergarten which starts at 11:25 so i&apos;ll be feeding her breakfast and lunch in the mornings!  It also means no more sculpting class because they only offer it monday afternoons and she&apos;ll have to move to the monday afternoon dance class. I&apos;ve got to figure out our nature class schedule too since really only Tuesday afternoons are open.

I&apos;m not going to enroll her in a lot of extra stuff since school is 5 days a week.
