---
layout: post
title: "one thing after another..."
date: 2007-06-05
slug: 2007-06-05-1
---

I started out this morning, dropping the sugar canister in the kitchen.  Once again I was thankful for the Dyson.  At first I was worried about vacuuming the fine particles of sugar - about 3 lbs worth.  But then I realized that I use powdered carpet fresh and sugar is no finer than that so I went ahead and ran it in the kitchen.  Then I took Megan to school and headed off to the pool for an hour swim. 

After we picked up lunch at a place that gives milk in a cup (with lid and straw) for kids in their meals - Togo&apos;s for those that have them close.  Upon returning to the car Megan missed her cup holder and dropped a full 8 oz&apos;s of milk in my car - yuck.  

I mopped up what I could and when we got home I used the before mentioned carpet fresh to absorb the liquid and start combating the sour milk smell that will ensue.

Once home I started working on the poker night feast.  I made  [the Barefoot Contessa&apos;s Roasted Shrimp with Orzo.  ](http://www.foodnetwork.com/food/recipes/recipe/0,1977,FOOD_9936_35968,00.html) Then I finished vacuuming and ran a wet mop.  I had a moment to relax and check email before we dashed off to Megan&apos;s dentist appointment.

Megan did beautifully.  She held my hand throughout her cleaning and was a real trooper.  They didn&apos;t try to take x ray&apos;s of Molars-  just stuck to the front and they took Megan step by step through what they would do showing her each instrument and giving her a chance to touch it with her hand before it went in her mouth.  The end result was a very calm child.  Unlike Megan&apos;s last 2 dental experiences at a so called Pediatric dentist.  So now our whole family goes to one practice and I for one think that is the way it should be.

Once home i could relax, since I only had the steak to grill to go with the salad - Surf and Turf was my theme.  I went simple with the Top Sirloin, just putting salt and pepper on it.  I brought it to room temp first, seasoned and then grilled.  It was the tenderest piece of beef we&apos;ve ever done.  The salad was really yummy too.

Ending on a high Poker was a blast, and I&apos;m not just saying that because someone went all in ahead of me when I had the nut and 3 other people called!  It was just a great night of joking and conversation.
Now I think I should sleep!
