---
layout: post
title: "15 years or at risk for using the word Lovely"
date: 2007-07-15
slug: 2007-07-15-1
---

Jack and I celebrated our anniversary this past weekend, yes a month late! 

We went away to San Francisco.  I drove up to Pam and Yvonne&apos;s on friday and dropped off Megan, well we had lunch together and hung out - then they drove me to the bart station and I headed into  [Fringale](http://www.fringalesf.com/base_movie_content.html)  where we had dinner reservations.  Diner was phenomenal.  I had a Frisée salad with warm bacon dressing, poached egg  & toasted levaine, Pork main(Pork tenderloin &quot;crepinette&quot; served with cabbage & apples, grain mustard sauce)  and Almond Torte for dessert, Jack had Sautéed Prawns, Traditional duck confit served with green lentils du Puy and Flourless chocolate cake served with a mint sorbet ( I think - Jack is this what you ordered for dessert?)

After we headed back to the hotel walking through Union Square before settling in at Crush a wine bar that was across the street from the hotel.  We enjoyed 2 different &quot;Flights&quot;, and really had a lovely evening.

The next day we enjoyed breakfast in our room, before heading across the street to Spa Nordstrom for Massages.  There was a mix up and Jack didn&apos;t get a hot stone, but he still enjoyed his massage.  Then we headed out into the city - we got all day Muni tickets (which includes cable cars) and headed down to Embarcadero on the Metro - where we caught a cable car and headed up to Van Ness.  From there we rode down to fisherman&apos;s wharf and wondered around the shops.  San Francisco is known for artists who come and set up tables day in and day out at all the local haunts so we got to see some beautiful wares. We swung by the hotel around 4 and got cleaned up for dinner and headed out to  [The Boulevard Restaurant](http://www.boulevardrestaurant.com/)  which while very good - didn&apos;t blow me away like Fringale so I&apos;m not going to describe the meal in detail - we both had appetizers and mains but neither wanted a dessert so we headed back out.  wait back up - Jack presented me with a beautiful Tennis bracelet - very romantic he had slipped it to the waiter who presented it on the bottle of wine we ordered - and I just thought the restaurant was a bit extravagant with its decorations!

We wondered back out stopping at a local restaurant for desserts and then we enjoyed  [a little Culture](http://ev12.evenue.net/cgi-bin/ncommerce3/SEGetEventList?groupCode=K&linkID=act&shopperContext=&caller=&appCode=) .  It was a hoot - offensive and funny.

Jack woke up early this morning and ran out to get breakfast while I slept in.  Then he headed out to get Megan while I took my time cleaning up, packing and chilling before heading home.   

Today was my film club meeting but it turned out I was too tired to watch  [In search of Mozart](http://www.insearchofmozart.com/)  which what I remember was interesting but I can&apos;t tell you how much I slept through so don&apos;t take my word for it.  

It was a lovely :) weekend!

