---
layout: post
title: "The apple miracle"
date: 2007-03-01
slug: 2007-03-01-1
---

My machine is back - today by 9am - I dropped it off at the apple store Monday at 2:30.  It went all the way to Tennessee and got fixed and back - amazing.

Our time without Jack was good.   On monday I swam 2 miles.  Which felt really really good.  I now don&apos;t have to swim just breast stroke at the end of 2 miles because I can now get my arms out of the water - I feel so strong its incredible.  After picking up Megan from school we had lunch, went to the apple store and then had Megan&apos;s friend and her mom come over and the girls played while we mom&apos;s did some Yoga.  The night was quiet though typical of Jack not being home, I stayed up way to late and woke up way to early.

Tuesday came and After I did the elliptical out in the garage for 45 mins Megan and I headed to her dance class.  After lunch we went to our monthly science class at  [Sulphur  Creek](http://hard.dst.ca.us/sulphur_creek.html) .  The class this month was flying hunters and after visiting with a Great Horned Owl, a Barn Owl, and a Kestrel, the kids all got to dissect an owl pellet.  Fascinating to find all the rodent and shrew bones.  Megan wasn&apos;t nearly as interested as I was - which is why I don&apos;t drop her off I tend to stay and participate.   We went on a small hike in the rain, and then they also had another very cool art project.  These classes are incredible, for only 8 dollars a class, we get to visit with 3 or 4 animals, get a really cool art project and go on a nature hike.   

We got home in time to cook dinner and start the whole going to bed process.  Megan gave me daily updates on when Jack was coming home which was adorable and amazing simple subtraction.  Shes ready for kindergarten in the fall.

Wednesday dawned and I woke with a stuffy nose.  I went to the pool anyway but took it easy only doing a mile and a half.  I had the whole pool to myself for a good 1/3 of my swim and since I was stuffy I just used the kickboard and watched part of the movie serenity on my ipod. 

After picking up Megan from school, we had sushi with Megan&apos;s friend Audrey and her parents, then Megan and I went and got  [Jack&apos;s alaska airlines saga](http://www.muttmansion.com/ds/archives/003326.html) .  
Megan, Oso and I headed to the airport and picked Jack up and then we all went to bed.  

I awoke several times during the night with my stuffy nose.  And this morning I feel like crap but my computer coming home and Megan sleeping till 9 both improved my mood.  We&apos;re heading out sometime today to pick up Megan&apos;s Kindergarten registration packet and we&apos;ll probably stop by playgroup since Megan isn&apos;t showing any signs of this darn cold.  




