---
layout: post
title: "a few things I just dont understand..."
date: 2008-10-31
slug: 2008-10-31-1
---

I DON&apos;T UNDERSTAND undecided voters - Are you asleep????

 [David Sedaris ](http://www.newyorker.com/humor/2008/10/27/081027sh_shouts_sedaris) says it best...

<i/>&quot;To put them in perspective, I think of being on an airplane. The flight attendant comes down the aisle with her food cart and, eventually, parks it beside my seat. “Can I interest you in the chicken?” she asks. “Or would you prefer the platter of shit with bits of broken glass in it?”
To be undecided in this election is to pause for a moment and then ask how the chicken is cooked.&quot;

I DON&apos;T UNDERSTAND proposition 8.  Would someone please tell me how two people who love each other and get married but happen to be of the same sex hurt my marriage - why the hell does my marriage need to be protected?  

Legalized Gay Marriage doesn&apos;t mean churches must preform the marriage - Churches can still decide for themselves but it means marriage is available for all, and it means my friends don&apos;t have to get married again and again each time the law changes.   I know heterosexual people who have had bad marriages, divorced several times and yet still have the right to do it again and again, yet I know gay people who have been together for years  and years, and I&apos;m just sick that anyone would deny them any rights.  

Gay Marriage doesn&apos;t hurt anyone! 

I DON&apos;T UNDERSTAND Anyone voting for McCain at this moment in time.  He has just seemed so out of touch and the thought of Palin replacing him makes me absolutely shudder.

I DON&apos;T UNDERSTAND why Hillary keeps asking me for donations - I supported her but now that she&apos;s out she&apos;s out!  and I know she&apos;s in debt -but any money I donate now would goto Obama so that he can win!

I DON&apos;T UNDERSTAND anyone who doesn&apos;t realize now after 8 years of Bush, that we had it a hell of alot better under Clinton - Even with Lewinsky!

I DON&apos;T UNDERSTAND the continued games to keep people from voting - how stupid do they think we are?

I DON&apos;T UNDERSTAND CBS and ABC making CSI and Grey&apos;s last one minute longer so that ER won&apos;t record unless I do a manual record - Very annoying!


RANT OVER


