---
layout: post
title: "wannabe Ms. Niecy"
date: 2008-08-01
slug: 2008-08-01-1
---

You may have noticed that the last few days of pics Megan has had flowers in her hair.  Its all because of her latest obsession  [Niecy Nash](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niecy_Nash) .  Our child has been running around singing &quot;Who wants a Clean House...&quot;  and &quot;If you live in the Los Angeles&quot;.  

It all started with an ad while we were watching some other show - for the Messiest House in America episode, and so I did a quick search and Tivo&apos;d it.  We had so much fun being grossed out that we set a season pass and have been catching up on 8 years of episodes.  Megan wants more than anything to be a guest on the show, however we don&apos;t live in LA and we don&apos;t actually have a clutter home.  Actually every time Jack and I sit down and watch an episode we spend the hour afterwards cleaning and getting rid of stuff.  Its proving to be very therapeutic.  Even Megan happily cleans her room when we say - what would Niecy say to all your &quot;Mayhem and Foolishness!&quot;?

A week or so ago while at our local mall, Megan noticed some flower clips for hair at a little kiosk.  They were crazy expensive, but it gave me the idea and when we were next at Jo-Anne&apos;s I picked up so plain clips and some silk flowers - Hot Glue gun Later and Megan has been wearing them since.  Its part of her style!

Catch the show if you dare - the new season premieres on August 6th  [(On the style Network)](http://www.mystyle.com/) 
