---
layout: post
title: "Very busy week"
date: 2008-02-14
slug: 2008-02-14-1
---

I&apos;ve been to busy to blog really.  First off I&apos;m fighting a hum-dinger of a cold.  I donated blood on friday and by saturday I had that tell tale tickle in my throat.  By Sunday night I was stuffy and miserable.

I volunteered to be on the Strategic Planning committee for Megan&apos;s school which meant I spent Monday and tuesday locked in a room with Teachers, administrators and parents hammering out a plan for the school for the next 5 years.  In the beginning I was bored and couldn&apos;t imagine what I brought to the table, but by the middle of the first day I was hooked in the process and the rest of the time just flew by.  It also gave me a chance to share this lovely cold with really great people - uhm sorry about that.

 
On top of that on Saturday our washer decided to separate from the agitator.  On the advice of my dad I banged it back in with a hammer, but after more 2 loads it made it clear that the separation would be permanent.  So Sunday Megan and I did a bit of shopping and picked out a lovely front load model which has such sweet chimes, its a shame it has to live in the garage.  It was delievered Tuesday and several loads later, i&apos;m in Love.

Also on Sunday I went to film club - and sat through  - the WORST FILM EVER!, ok maybe not ever, I can think of a few really bad films, but this one was a  [stinker.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0952682/)   I left before the discussion with the director because I felt i&apos;d wasted enough of my time on a bad film, but according to a friend who stayed people seemed to actually enjoy the film, so if it looks good to you go ahead you may like it, but that&apos;s all I&apos;m going to say about that.

Today I find myself free, as my cough which I emailed to warn Megan&apos;s teacher about prompted her to tell me she&apos;d get another parent to help out today.  So I&apos;m probably going to come home and rest and try to be over this thing in time for our 3 day weekend.
