---
layout: post
title: "Im alive and well,"
date: 2008-11-18
slug: 2008-11-18-1
---

I don&apos;t know why I haven&apos;t been in the mood to blog.  I guess I just had to much fun at Disneyland last weekend!  

First off our trip was really wonderful.  We stayed at the California Grand right on Disney property, with entry right into one of the parks.  The other was a like a 3 min walk from the other side of the hotel.  The first day we enjoyed the Magic Morning Hour (a early hour in the park for hotel guests only) and upon existing a ride were given all day fast passes!  Same day we were offered a private audience with Princess Aurora!  

Megan and her two cousins got along so well.  We had so much fun running around the 2 parks for 3 days.  We had lunch with the princess and Megan filled up 2 autograph books with all the star sightings.  We got our friends Barbara and Matt to come out from Hollywood, have dinner and show us their gorgeous baby!

I&apos;ve been busy at the school too.  Art Vistas is rolling out which is a parent taught art program at the school.  I&apos;ve been trained to teach 1st grade and will be doing my first lesson in December.  Really training was just on the actual art project I have a bit of reading before I teach my first class. 

I have a couple of sewing projects I want to do.  I&apos;m holding off till after Jack paints our room.  He and Megan picked out the paint together yesterday.  

I&apos;ve been addicted to Facebook lately, and Wario smach, and Hexic, and now trism.  

OK enough.  Lori Out..
