---
layout: post
title: "Why im giving up starbucks again..."
date: 2008-04-05
slug: 2008-04-05-1
---

It has only been a month since I last forgo starbucks, and since i&apos;ve been limiting myself to once or twice a week.  I&apos;m giving them up again because I had a rude experience there and well It was a bit of a final straw.  

On my way to Megan&apos;s Karate class thursday afternoon, I pulled into the drive through because I was craving an Iced Coffee.  When I got to the window I placed my order ... Iced Grande Decaf please.

The reply I got was - We can&apos;t do that!.  What do you mean?  We can do regular Iced but not decaf - What ? I say come again?  he repeats it.   I don&apos;t want a frappacino I just want iced Decaf coffee.  He then says - look I know what you want and we can&apos;t do it. 

Its on your menu - right under drip - Iced Coffee - Regular or decaf.  - NO he yells its not.  I&apos;m looking right at it.  Do you have ice? I ask... yes he says... Do you have decaf coffee?  ... Yes he says - so why the hell can&apos;t you put the two together and give me an Iced DECAF Coffee?

Because we aren&apos;t allowed. - FIne - Me and my money are leaving. and I drove through .  As I went around the building I noticed an employee come out and go look at the menu - But for me that was it - I don&apos;t kindly to being told no when I&apos;m reading it off the damn menu.  I&apos;m sure if I conplained to corporate I&apos;d get an apology and maybe even a coupon for a freebie - but really this just reinforces to me that I need to give up starbucks once and for all.  Its crazy to spend so much on coffee - when I make decent at home.

On a side - the very next day Megan had Gymnastics and I never did get my iced coffee - so I brewed some coffee - added Ice and was happy all the way to Gymnastics.  



