---
layout: post
title: "What a weekend...."
date: 2008-04-14
slug: 2008-04-14-1
---

We have had just beautiful weather.  Warm and sunny.  Saturday after running some errands We went to the pool and had our first swim of the year.  We ended with a great bbq at some friends.  Really a perfect day. 

Sunday dawns and promises as much pleasure as saturday.  We head out for breakfast and pass a local park that Megan doesn&apos;t remember going to - Great we say lets go after breakfast.  During breakfast we decide to add the dogs to the plan and Jack decides he&apos;s going to try out some new roller skates he acquired too.

We get there and all is well.  Jack gets on his new skates and Oso is just beside himself wanting to be with Jack, so I (stupidly) offer Oso to Jack.  He heads off while LIttle Guy Megan and myself stay at the play structure.  

Next thing I know Oso is loose and a guy is yelling for me to come over - Jack has fallen.  Oso runs right to me and by the time I get over to where Jack is The guy had taken off his skates for him.  It was obvious he was hurt but it wasn&apos;t until  I got to him that I saw his wrist was completely messed up.

Somehow I get him in the car, the dogs in the car and Megan in the car.  I run back by the house and drop off the dogs and head straight to the ER.  The get him in, and I get ahold of our neighbor who comes and gets Megan, and then we wait - for the Ortho Surgeon . who turns out to be the same one that treated me last year for my broken foot.    

It as suspected is a bad break.  He&apos;ll have to have surgery but the Ortho wanted to wait and do it out patient.  He numbed it and reset it - put it in a splint and wrapped it.  We&apos;ll know more tomorrow when we go in to see the Ortho guy and get the surgery planned.  For now he&apos;ll just take it easy and rest - with lots of pain meds.  Poor guy is really in pain.



