---
layout: post
title: "awesome day"
date: 2008-11-25
slug: 2008-11-25-1
---

Jack, Megan and I got up early and went up to the city.  Jack dropped us off at the  [California Academy of Sciences](http://www.calacademy.org/)  which reopened in September after a total rebuild.  

We got there early enough to enjoy the Members only hour.  We got tickets to a 10:30 aquarium show and then headed down to the Steinhart Aquarium.  After they shut down the old Museum in 2003 they moved the Steinhart to a warehouse building and opened it to the public as sort of a mini-museum experience. 
So we&apos;d seen most of it before, but the presentation now is off the hook beautiful.  After we headed up to the African Hallway and looked at the stuffed animals.  The old fashion Museum stuffed ones.   Still kind of creepy but the Live Penguins at the end of it made up for it, that and a display that showed the skulls of all our found ancestors.

By then it was time to stand in line for our planetarium show.  The show is called &quot;Fragile Earth&quot; narrated by Sigorney Weaver.  I found it fascinating, Megan was BORED!  Though she did perk up at the end credits cause they did a cool effect with star-busts and names of people.

We exited up on the level 3 and so went up to the roof to view the Living Roof.  Very pretty - though cold - did I say we&apos;d checked our coats at the entrance?  

Back down stairs where we stood in line for an hour to go through the rain forest exhibit.  It was worth it.  Butterflies were everywhere and one landed on a rail in front of us.  Megan put out her finger and it actually touched her - and held it there like it was intrigued.  Megan was anyway.

We headed out to have lunch in the very crowded cafe, before going to showing of Bugs! a 3D movie.

We finished up the day with a quick look at the gift shops and getting our coats and then we explored the garden in front of the building, while we waited for Jack to pick us up.

The museum was crazy crowded after about 11.  Also it feels smaller then the old one.  But over all it really is a cool museum.
