---
layout: post
title: "12 more days to summer!...  ending with a rant"
date: 2008-05-21
slug: 2008-05-21-1
---

Megan has 12 more days of school.  I&apos;ve got most of the summer planned out, with swim lessons, science camp for one week, and a trip to florida.  We&apos;re also planning a camping trip with our playgroup friends. 

I was hoping to get a road trip in too but I just don&apos;t know where to squeeze it.  Given the cost of gas, I guess its easy to give up.  But that is another story all together.


Last summer I relied on the Little Gym summer camps but I&apos;ve given up on  [the LIttle Gym](http://www.thelittlegym.com/)  because they raise their rates, and have been so pushy with the sales pitch that they ticked me off.  Side story - They&apos;ve been doing this sales pitch about 2 months before the end of a session called Priority enrollment.  Basically sign up now and we&apos;ll give you some prizes and maybe even a discount.  The one they were doing for this coming fall included some sort of stuffed animal back pack - what ticked me off was the first day we were there that they were doing it - Megan&apos;s teacher grabbed her by the hand took her over to the wall of stuffed backpacks and said &quot;which one are you going to pick out when your mom signs you up for the fall.&quot; Megan giddy with the prospect pointed one out and then ran over to me and said &quot;mom I get that when you pay them&quot; .. NO I informed her, I don&apos;t think we can sign up, we&apos;ll see, and my kid - my kid is an angel - she totally handled it in stride and said oh ok, and went to class.  THat evening in the car  I explained to her that they were just getting to expensive (raising the rates on camp to more than I pay the sitter per hour!)  and that I didn&apos;t think with school all day in the fall we would be doing to many extra things.  - I happy to report that the following week when Megan was once again approached about enrolling (I still can&apos;t get over that they talk to the kids about that!)  She informed her teacher - that she won&apos;t be coming back because &quot;your just getting to expensive&quot;  She was so matter of fact the teacher was actually was speechless  and finally laughed and said well OK.

What makes this side story more annoying for me is that we have been members of the little gym since Megan was a year old - we did take a year off after she got burned out, but we came back when she was ready for real gymnastics, and they didn&apos;t use to be so damn bottom line sales pitch bitchy.  The whole talking to the kids directly thing really burns my butt.  - and now that is the end of my rant.



