---
layout: post
title: "Wii Fit Update..."
date: 2008-06-25
slug: 2008-06-25-1
---

So I&apos;m down 6 lbs! since I started using the Wii Fit nearly every day SInce Jack brought it home May 24th!    6lbs in one month!

 I average 40 mins of aerobics on it and this is activity I would not have done with out the Wii Fit.  But most importantly of all - my Wii Fit Age was today 23!

ADDITIONAL:  Someone just emailed me and asked if I was dieting as well.  The answer is no.  I have cut way back  on coffee, but I drink decaf anyway.  Instead i&apos;ve been drinking black teas.  I&apos;ve also cut way back on diet soda - but I still have them - just not as much as I used to - this is all in an effort to drink more water - which I&apos;m been trying to drink at least 4-6  8 oz glasses of water a day.  I&apos;ve also stopped eating after 8 pm period - no watermelon, no ice cream, no cookies or chocolate.  I still eat those things, I just have to consciously eat them before 8 pm.   But I&apos;m still eating the same food I ate before - like yesterday.   Usually I have a bowl of cereal for breakfast with my tea but Jack brought me home a donut so I had that with my tea instead.   For lunch we went to Togos and I had a chicken salad wrap.  I usually eat the Italian sandwich but wanted to try something new.  Then last night for dinner I made Roast Chicken (Megan&apos;s favorite way - covered in garlic and rosemary)  and herbed noodles with peas.   One of the life guards at the pool gave Megan some M & M&apos;s and when she asked me if it was OK I said only if you give me some too - they were really small snack bags but I ate them.  So you see - no diet.
