---
layout: post
title: "A Perfect Day..."
date: 2008-04-27
slug: 2008-04-27-1
---

Yesterday  was just perfection. 

First off I slept in.  Jack and Megan had gone off to get Bagels.   Once I did a few chores, I took Megan to the farmers market where we sampled the best strawberries, and drank some fresh squeezed OJ.  We took our purchases home and headed over to lunch with Jack and then onto our favorite nursery.  

We came home and I planted the garden.  Megan played in her kiddie pool and Jack sat in the shade of our gazebo and did some work.  It was just beautiful afternoon - and I have a well planted clean garden to show for it.  I plan on doing a little more later today, and at some point buying some soil for the last bed so that we can have a place to grow our pumpkins for October.

After cleaning up, Jack and I went out for an incredible evening.  First up was dinner at a place we heard of at a party a few weeks back  -  [Once](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0907657/) .

The opening act was Liam of Hot House flowers with Rónán Ó Snodaigh of Kilá.  Their music was beautiful and haunting.  Then the Concert started and Glen came out and did his first number away from the mics and with his guitar unplug and was just amazing - gave me goosebumps.  Then he plugged back in and the rest of the concert was song after song with some of the funniest banter and explanations for songs i&apos;ve ever heard.  

I had tried to buy tickets for this concert before but it sold out so fast, then a local radio station was giving out tickets and so I tried but then I gave up.  A couple of weeks ago Jack surprised me with tickets, not knowing how hard I had tried to get tickets, but know how much I&apos;d loved the movie. It was a perfect surprise.  



