---
layout: post
title: "2 hours... later"
date: 2008-10-02
slug: 2008-10-02-2
---

For 2 hours tonight I filled my brain with tax info - AMT, Gross, Adjusted, Deductions and the like ... and those 2 hours everyone else was probably watching Palin and Biden go at it.  I did get to listen to the first bit in the car before class, and I thought Sara sounded Poised and well rehearsed.  Joe on the other hand sounded presidential.  - He actually sounded so knowledgeable. They both were likable.  But she didn&apos;t answer a single question that I heard and he at least tried to.  The difference for me was already clear.  I don&apos;t want to continue the policies of the last 8 years, and there is no way I could vote for that. I really can&apos;t understand anyone who can vote for the same same same. It is all about change and no matter how much McCain and Palin say they are all about change the fact that they are in line with the current administration show just how the same they are!

Honestly - despite my husband, I&apos;m not 100 % sure of Obama, but he is a damn sight better than the alternative - and none of the 3rd party candidates stand a chance.  We shall see I guess.

I did tivo it but honestly with all the opinions out already I don&apos;t think I&apos;ll sit down tomorrow and listen to it all the way through like I would have if I was home.  I said during the Obama/McCain debate that I like listening to the debate and deciding for myself who I think won before the talking points turn on at the end and tell me who I think I should think won.  Often I surprise myself.  Like tonight - I was all set to hate Palin - the same way I detest W every time he speaks - I have to change the channel - I just can&apos;t stand his voice - its too Beavis or is it Butthead!

Enough - I&apos;m off to bed



