---
layout: post
title: "Division and Unity"
date: 2008-01-09
slug: 2008-01-09-1
---

For the first time in our 15 year marriage Jack and I are rooting for different teams.  I&apos;m absolutely thrilled that Hillary won NH and plan on voting for her in the primary.  To think of a woman president in my life time - well I just never thought it would happen.  But now we have a smart capable strong woman who has a real chance at winning. 

The truth is I like Obama too.  He&apos;ll get my vote if he wins the nomination.   I&apos;m also excited at the prospect of the first African American to be president.  In truth I&apos;m torn but Hillary just edges out Obama, so I can see Bill as First Man.  I for one will be very glad to have Bill back in the White House.

Not that anyone cares who I&apos;m going to vote for - I&apos;m in a liberal state which will goto who ever is on the democratic ticket.  I&apos;m also bad luck for any candidate I vote for  in my first election I voted for Bush Senior (my republican days - I&apos;m so ashamed!) , Then though college was turning  me liberal I still couldn&apos;t vote for Clinton  - so I voted for Perot- yes I was one of those.  Then Gore and we know how that turned out, and finally Kerry - so I can&apos;t seem to vote for a winner.  I&apos;m tempted to vote for the republican - just to guarantee his failure. 

Come to think of it Jack was a Clinton Fan back in 1994 when I voted for Perot so this isn&apos;t the only time we&apos;ve disagreed. 
