---
layout: post
title: "I survived!"
date: 2008-03-17
slug: 2008-03-17-1
---

Last sunday morning I woke up to find a starbucks coffee,(Grande Decaf, Soy Misto)  MMMmmmmm.  Jack had been up early and had visited our local (brand new) drive through.    Later on in the day, I was out running errands and felt like a cold drink so I swung by starbucks and picked up an ice tea.  (Venti Black ice tea with 3 pumps of sweetener).  Finally after dinner Jack went out while I was putting Megan to bed and surprised me with another coffee (also a soy decaf misto)  When he got back I realized that was 3 starbucks in one day - my new all time record.  So I decided I needed to take a break - a Starbucks Fast!

MOnday morning I was really easy since Megan&apos;s school had a field trip to the  [Tech Museum](http://www.thetech.org/)  so I had no temptation.  When we got back I took Megan out for a treat (Ice Cream) for being such an angel on the field trip.  SO I was going along fine until our poker crew showed up and suddenly they all wanted Starbucks and so they headed out the door while I made my self a pot of drip.  Not only did I managed to not fall to peer pressure, but they returned with not one but 2 extra coffee&apos;s (of Corse one was a caffeinated latte and the other had 10 pumps of chocolate in it!)

I survived the rest of the week with out incident.  Even Jack and Mel tantalizing me on friday with (its Mel treat!) didn&apos;t sway me.  I survived going to Megan&apos;s one hour ice skating lesson with just a book and DS to entertain me - no Coffee to keep me warm.

But now the week is over.  I&apos;m trying to decide the best way to bring starbucks back.  

I did figure out that had I gone last week every time I normally would have I would have spent 23 dollars on just ice teas and coffee&apos;s (The Misto is just drip and is considerably cheaper than a latte. Had I still been doing Latte&apos;s I&apos;m sure the bill would have been closer to 35!)  The trouble all started when the built the drive through starbucks a mile from our house.  Its such a temptation to swing by on the way home, or on my way out.  

SO now that the fast is over, i&apos;m going to limit myself to one ever couple of days.  And since our usual monday night crew is coming over tonight I&apos;ll wait till then to have my first one back.  




