---
layout: post
title: "Let it snow..."
date: 2008-01-22
slug: 2008-01-22-1
---

Saturday we decided we&apos;d head up in the mountains and give Megan a chance to play in snow.  The drive up was longer than necessary as I took a wrong turn at the exit and we did a 30 minute loop back to the freeway before heading back to the exit and going the right way.  At about 4000 feet we found snow, but we kept driving.  I&apos;d found  [Leland Snow Play Park](http://www.snowplay.com/)  on Google and so we headed up to 6000 feet passing lots of areas of great snow and lots of people playing.  But it was our first trip to play in the snow so we kept going up to the Play Park.  It was a bit pricey.  Megan enjoyed Tubing down the hill several times - the first time she actually crashed and both Jack and I worried that that would be it, but she came out of the snow all giggles and smiles and couldn&apos;t wait to climb up and do it again.  We got some pics and video before the battery died on the camera.  We&apos;ll try to share soon.  

On the way down we stopped at a wood fired pizza place we saw on the way up, but they were closed, so we headed next door and had a decent Mexican lunch.  

I think what I&apos;ll do is go buy some snow gear at the end of the season  - you know sleds and what not - and then next year we&apos;ll stop at about 5000 feet and enjoy the park land for free.  

So now 4 days later the snow level has fallen to ... 1300 feet - the hills around us are dusted!  but you can&apos;t sled in dust.
