---
layout: post
title: "Questions from the princess in Florida"
date: 2008-08-05
slug: 2008-08-05-1
---

We arrived in Florida today for a couple of weeks vacation, leaving Jack and the dogs alone back home.
And Megan who has been asking a million questions a day asked the following? 

&quot;Mom - why do Grandpa and Mumsie live where it is so hot?&quot;  &quot;Do they really like to swim?&quot;

and again later she asked &quot; why is Florida so HOT?&quot; I need some paper so I can make a fan!

This kid has spent every day in the natural A/C that is california - with our occasional hot day that are hot and dry which is very different from anything with humidity.  

On the side - United changed our seat assignments so that we weren&apos;t actually sitting together on either flight -  the first one we were a row apart and a nice young man changed seats with me so that Megan and I could sit together.  On the second I was in row 39 and Megan was in row 1.  We landed in Denver and had about an hour to get across the terminal.  In that hour we hit the head, grabbed some togo sandwiches for the plane and bought a &quot;PRincess Belle&quot; add on for Megan&apos;s Crocks.  When we arrived at our gate they were just beginning boarding.  I made my way  to the agent and asked if she could reseat us.  She looked at our bag of food and said -&quot; You Should have come straight here - not gone and bought food!&quot;   The best she could do she said was put us a row apart.  So she did and when we got on (by this time we were the last to board)  I had 4 people in 2 rows to asked if someone would switch us.  One guys gave me a pissed look and shook his head no - the woman next to him said &quot;No Way!&quot; and the guy in front of them wouldn&apos;t even look at me.  It was a kind man in his early 30&apos;s who probably has a kid or 2 Megan&apos;s age who said &quot;of course and jumped up from the window and moved back a row.  - I&apos;m so grateful for him, but really, I&apos;m amazed at the other 3 people.  





