---
layout: post
title: "Fish Tale"
date: 2009-10-16
slug: 2009-10-16-1
---

Wednesday is one of Megan&apos;s days without anything extra in the afternoon.  So we found our selves up at the local craft store where I was getting some supplies for an upcoming art lesson.  Our Michaels is also next to our Petco, and so I was talked into going to look at the animals and get a treat for the hamster.  

We get into the store and pass the display of beta fish.  Now Megan decided that she wanted to spend her saved allowance on a fish.  Her last Beta died after over 2 years and so she knew we had a bowl and most of the stuff that goes with it.  

So I agree and she picks out a cute little red female beta fish.  We get it home and fix up the bowl, but wait until morning to actually move the fish over to the bowl so the water temps have time to equal out.  I spent Thursday away from the house and came home to Jack home sick.  Megan was still at school.  Jack says to me - Hey what happened to the fish?
I run over and sure enough no fish in the bowl.  We look around and there is Little Guy slinking away to the back of the house...

Oh Crap the dog ate the fish.  

I tell Jack - you have 2 hours till I&apos;m home with Megan, You&apos;ve got to go buy a replacement!  So Jack - still sick, drags himself out of the house on this quest while I run out to collect Megan and take her to Gymnastics.

We get home, and Jack winks and Megan checks on her fish - and suspects nothing!

We&apos;re home free - except we have to make sure the darn dog doesn&apos;t eat another fish.  So I say - Hey Megan if you clear off your book shelf top you can put the new fish in your room.

 She runs off and does this task really quickly.  And then Jack moves the fish bowl into her room.  He puts it down and comes out to me and says ...

There are two fish!?!

I rush back with him - and sure enough there are now 2 fish swimming around. I swear that fish was gone!  Apparently she&apos;d hidden herself in the sea glass on the bottom of the tank.

As you can imagine I started to giggle and Jack was laughing and Megan wanting to know what was up finally noticed the 2 fish in the bowl - she was shocked and asked - how did that happen. - so we admitted it all and Megan has been laughing every since.    She even used the story in Writers workshop today. 
 
And Megan - now has 2 red fish (thankfully female Betas don&apos;t fight)

