---
layout: post
title: "Grand Canyon Day 1"
date: 2009-06-18
slug: 2009-06-18-1
---

We arrived at the Canyon by 8:30 and headed first to Mather Point which is the most popular of the look outs.  It was just simply amazing - words and pictures can&apos;t describe it and it was more then I ever imagined it to be.  

The park has a bus that brings us in from the hotel, and then buses within the park to take you out to various lookouts and trail heads so we were set.  We headed off first to do a trail called South Kaibab Trailhead which meets up with Crest Ridge.  Well basically its a series of swithbacks going down to Ooh-Aah Point.  Well it was steep and pebbles and I didn&apos;t trust my footing so I turned around  what turned out to be almost to the bottom of that main section.  Jack and Megan forged ahead with the cousins until Ooh-Aah.  Then they turned back and the Bolducs headed on to Crest Ridge.  Jack and Megan found me again at the book store at the visitors center.  We headed into the village to explore and found a place for lunch and the rest of the crew joined us there.  After a really pretty good lunch we headed out again and walked along the rim until we reached the red bus line  -basically the bus to Hermits point.  

We got off at Hopi and looked around before following the rim trail up to the next bus stop.  - a nice fairly flat hike for someone like me.  Then we went on the bus up to Pimo Point and saw the longest expanse of the Colorado River we&apos;d seen.    Bus back down to the village and there we walked over to El Tovar where we sat on the patio and enjoyed a well needed drink.  We headed off once more and then stopped at the grocery in the village to pick up fixings for dinner back at the hotel.    We had time to eat and let the kids swim before everyone started crashing.  Bed for us all ...

In the morning Jack, Megan and myself will be taking a small plane tour of the canyon while the cousins do a 7 mile hike.  We plan on meeting up again around lunch, and then Checking out the local ruins. Our last day together as we all fly home saturday.

