---
layout: post
title: "road trip day 3"
date: 2009-04-16
slug: 2009-04-16-1
---

What a glorious day today was.  First off I awoke at 5 and watched &quot;the Secret Life of Bee&apos;s&quot; on my laptop.  It was a great movie, very good performances and close to the book ( though I read it like 5 years ago so I may not really be remembering it all that well.)  We Rose and packed and checked out of the dumpty never to be repeated hotel.  That alone lifted my spirits.  Actually after I pulled out the nightstand they cleaned behind it, I should cut the place a break - NOT.

We packed up and headed over to  [Turtle Bay Exploration Park](http://www.turtlebay.org/) .  Megan and I spent the first part exploring Paul Bunyon&apos;s forest Camp where we got to see many different birds and an actual Porcupine, which I don&apos;t think I&apos;ve ever seen.  Our first animal was the Grey Fox who was sitting right up against the enclosure and yawned so big and so adorable!

Then we headed into the Museum where we caught the fish feeding, got to see a Bee Hive in action, find tons of Geckos, and see some lovely art.  Megan fell in love with Marilyn Monroe  (The Andy Warhol one).  After a quick lunch we headed across the Sundial Bridge and down to the river where we sat on rocks and played in the mud.  It was a perfect moment.  One of those few in life time.  Perfect weather in a perfect place - with mountain views all around.  It felt like time stood still.  And yet all to quickly we were heading back across the bridge and back to the car for our drive to Eureka.

And what a drive.  It took us 3 hours, on a winding mountain road over 3 mountain passes and past pristine mountain lakes.  There were moments on the drive where I saw small purple flowers growing in the cracks of rocks on great big mountains and I was just amazed.  At the beauty of this planet that we all live on.  

We made it to Eureka, found our friends hotel and were actually able to check in.  We then finally found our friends and had a great evening.  Dinner at  [Cafe Waterfront](/www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-waterfront-eureka)  and we were driven there by the hotel limo so all the adults could enjoy libations.  Then a walk around old town ending at a coffee shop next door to an ice cream parlor.  This made everyone happy.  We sat outside and enjoyed our goodies and listened to some music, before being whisk off again by the very friendly limo driver.

The best part about today was Megan.  She really is such a wonderful child.  I can&apos;t imagine how I got so lucky.  &quot; Nothing comes from nothing. Nothing ever could. So somewhere in my youth or childhood. I must have done something good &quot;
