---
layout: post
title: "too tired to even blog"
date: 2009-06-15
slug: 2009-06-15-1
---

Ok but i&apos;m going to blog anyway -

reasons i&apos;m too tired -

Yesterday we hiked Boyton Canyon which turned out to be close to 5 miles and a 400 foot change in elevation.  Now I am not a hiker - not in a million years would I even say I want to go hiking but I did it.

Last night Jack Megan, Cousin Cooper and myself enjoyed an  [Evening Sky Tour.](http://eveningskytours.com/)   We got to enjoy a mini lesson on the constellations complete with a laser pointer showing us the way, along with views of saturn and several other phenomenon.  Megan&apos;s favorite was when we looked at Altar using a refractive eyepiece, basically we saw the spectrum of color and the astronomer told us that that is how they tell the density and size of a star - by how it refracts.   Megan was a trooper and stayed up till 10:30 viewing everything.  But she was asleep in the car before we even left the parking lot. 

Today we started out easy with a visit to  [Montezuma Castle National Monument ](http://www.nps.gov/moca/) and then a visit to Montezuma&apos;s Well.  The well was actually more of a hike - up to the rim, then down into the sink hole and back up again before Jen Thom and I walked the rim loop back out to the parking lot while Jack wrangled the kids down the main entry.  

After lunch in Oak Creek which is south of Sedona, we headed to  [ West Fork of Oak Creek Trail](http://hikearizona.com/decoder.php?ZTN=147)   This one was also about 4 miles.  We hiked out in the actual creek all the way and the kids had a blast.  At one point I was thigh deep in water but I too loved it.  We eventually came to a point in the rocks where some natural slides had been made and the kids (and I) couldn&apos;t resist.  We slipped and slid all the way down to 5 feet of water.    The hard part was crawling back out on the slimy rocks, but well worth it.    Jen hiked on ahead while we played in the water and when she returned we were all ready to head back but this time we stuck to the trail which zig zagged over and along the creek.  

I am stiff and sore now.  I used a hot tub, hot shower and biofreeze to try and make the parts less out of sorts.  Dinner was take out - Pizza that proved to be the best we&apos;d had in quite some time and probably the best food we&apos;ve had since we got here.  It was from a place called  [MI5 ](http://www.bbcamerica.com/content/235/index.jsp) first.  - can&apos;t recommend this show enough!
