---
layout: post
title: "broken mail"
date: 2009-02-24
slug: 2009-02-24-1
---

My mail app on my iphone is broken.  Jack played with it last night and actually made the problem worse.  Its been weird not having access to mail 24/7  but really do we need that anyway?  

Jack&apos;s Cinnamon roll recipe was included in a cookbook celebrating the 50th birthday of our city.  We  figured it had been rejected because he never heard a peep out of the organizers after submitting it but I saw the cookbook yesterday at  [Paddy&apos;s coffee shop ](http://paddyscoffee.com/) and there it was.  The other recipes look interesting.  A few standbys and a a few flavors I&apos;ve never tried.  

I spent 4+ hours getting my car fixed yesterday.  The first one was them diagnosing the problem and doing an oil change.  Then they came in and told me what they needed and I said go ahead - He thought the part would be there in an hour and a half and that they would be ready to put it in and the car back together.  It of course didn&apos;t arrive for close to 3 hours and so I sat and waited - A cab seemed so wasteful, but by the end I&apos;d wished I&apos;d just left my car.   I did use my iphone to entertain myself - I played a few games and watched the Oscars on You tube.  I also managed to find Animated short that won which I thought was a bit depressing in so many ways.  I now really wish the  [Octopus&apos;s in love one](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qreOELd35Ig)  had won - it was on CBS Sunday morning and is worth a watch.   I also enjoyed the Lavatory Love Story - it was very cute.




