---
layout: post
title: "Road Trip day 2"
date: 2009-04-15
slug: 2009-04-15-1
---

We got another early start to the day.  Well actually we were up early, but after breakfast, Megan asked to take another bath in the enormous tub.  SO we actually didn&apos;t get up to  [the Caverns ](http://www.lakeshastacaverns.com/index.html ) until 9:50, but we were able to walk onto the 10 o&apos;clock tour which was nice.  And by walk on I mean we had to walk down from the shop to the boat dock and then down to the actual boat since the water level of the lake is so very low.  Across the lake we merrily sailed.  And then we had to hike back up the lake bed to were a shuttle bus picked us up and took us the 1.4 miles to the cave entrance.  The Entrance was a big steel door that opened into a long narrow tunnel with many steps on the end.  We went up about 60 and then turned into the first &quot;room&quot;  We enjoyed exploring all the different rooms and in the end we travel well up into the mountain and had to walk down 250+ steps that were cut into the out side of the mountain to get back to the shuttle bus.  It was an exhausting adventure, and we still had to get down and up the darn lake bed.  But all in all we both really enjoyed the Caverns!

After a quick perusal of the gift shop, we headed out and went into Lake Shasta town, were we found a neat dinner in a log cabin.  The town was on the way out to  [ the Shasta Dam](http://www.usbr.gov/dataweb/dams/ca10186.html)  so after lunch we headed out there.  We had to wait an hour for the tour, and leave my purse and all electronic devices (ie Cell phone and camera) in the car because of security.  The Dam was nice enough to be equipped with an elevator.  This emptied out into a very long big tunnel that allowed us to play with Echo&apos;s which Megan got to lead us all in with the guides help.  We then sat for a mini history lesson, before heading out side the base of he damn and into the Electric Generating Room with Turbines and the like.  We saw several Osprey and their nests around the damn as well as a few dozen swallows.  The fire damage from last summers fires was also clearly visible in the surrounding hills.

We were both pretty tuckered, after our two tours, so we headed hotel for a swim in the pool.  Hunger finally got the better of us, and we headed out in search of good grub.  We found it in  [Gironda&apos;s](http://www.girondas.com/) .  Megan really enjoyed her dinner and I had probably the best prime rib of my life.  

Back to the hotel for some much needed ZZZZZZZ, tomorrow is a new adventure.
