---
layout: post
title: "Sunny Side"
date: 2009-12-04
slug: 2009-12-04-1
---

Last May after I witnessed the woman jump off the dumbarton, on the advice of friends, I found a therapist because i was having a terrible time dealing with it.  After a month of talking with her, she diagnosed me with depression - and really long term not just from the event the month before.  So Since then I have been on Wellbutrin and let me tell you the difference has been incredible.  

The world is a sunny happy place, and I&apos;m no longer unable to function somedays - I don&apos;t just sit on the couch watching TV staring into space, I&apos;ve become really really active.  Its been incredible watching myself change.  Apparently I&apos;m told - this feeling is more normal.  The depression I now realized really ate at me - I was negative and pessimistic.  

One of the side effects with the Wellburtrin is that I &apos;m now very active.  I don&apos;t want o and can&apos;t site still for long periods of time.  I&apos;ve been exercising - walking with friends, the dogs, or just by myself and I&apos;ve even started jogging a bit.  I&apos;ve lost 20lbs and I&apos;m feeling great!

Except about 2 months ago my hip started hurting.  I took to using a heating pad often and taking advil and aleve (not together).  This past weekend after standing most of Thanksgiving to cook and taking several long walks I was at a point where I really was in too much pain to walk.  And so Monday dawned and I made an appointment with a doctor.  Yesterday I spent being poked and xrays only to be diagnosed with a stress fracture of the hip thanks in large part to all that exercise. I&apos;ll have an MRI soon to see if I need pins put in to hold it all together but basically I&apos;m confined to little to no activity and crutches in between. 

What I love is the dogs have already figured out that I need comfort -as they are both cuddled with me today.  

Will keep you posted, once I know more.  Otherwise its just me in front of the TV/Computer and some pain killers.

 
