---
layout: post
title: "Star of the Week"
date: 2009-04-19
slug: 2009-04-19-1
---

Tonight I am making a little paper doll and filling out a question sheet about myself because I am the Star of the Week in Megan&apos;s class this week.  Quite an honor I assure you.  The kids all let out a yea when the Teacher told them.  Basically they ran out of kids and had already done the teacher, student teacher, Abe Lincoln and George Washington and so she asked me if I would mind. Actually I sort of offered but she did like the idea.

We did get back from the road trip, with no more car sickness.  That stretch of 1 was road going around redwood trees and the basic curves of going along mountains didn&apos;t actually effect us.   Fort Bragg was a total bust.  Too much fog so no sunset which was our main goal.  And the next morning the fog was so thick we didn&apos;t go to the beach, but packed and left for home as soon as we were packed.  We did make one stop.  We went to Navoto for lunch and I noticed the &quot;Adopt the Highway&quot; sign that said  [DollHouses and Trains](http://www.dollhousestrainsandmore.com/)   which I vaguely remembered reading about when Jack and I were making and filling Megan&apos;s Dollhouse.  So I looked if up and found it on my iPhone and and we headed over.  What a treat!  Every possible dollhouse accessory, and the little trains!  It was such a treat.  Megan did pick out a stuff animal that she had eyed at several stores but I hadn&apos;t gotten it for her.  Actually in Fort Bragg I had agreed to it when a little girl had picked up the last one in that store, so it was nice to find it again else where.
  
(Course I&apos;ve already had to preform surgery on the poor animal - slip its gut it did - touch much love! I guess!)
  

