---
layout: post
title: "Curse you Aqua Scum!"
date: 2009-05-15
slug: 2009-05-15-1
---

or in this case Mattel.  

Megan was sluggish in the mornings in the beginning of the school year.  To solve the problem I taped a piece of paper on the door and told her each time I didn&apos;t have to remind her to hurry up and do everything and we made it to school with time to spare (at least 5 minutes before the bell) then I would give her a star on the paper - 50 stars equaled a Barbie (or toy) of her choice.  At the time she really wanted this fancy Barbie that was 29 dollars so I told her the price limit was 30 dollars.  

Well yesterday she finally reached 50!  and so today we went to Target and she scrutinized and analyzed toys in every aisle.  She started in Barbies, went to Polly Pockets, fancy toys, Star Wars, and finally Legos.  She decided on a  [ Barbie house that was on sale ](http://www.amazon.com/Barbie-L9487-Barbie®-My-House/dp/B000W9OYKQ/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=toys-and-games&qid=1242431394&sr=1-1)  for $29.99- basically a front door and a couple of walls with a few items of furniture and some little accessories.   No actual doll but she has several Barbies so those weren&apos;t necessary.  Anyway We get home and start opening it up and thankfully its mostly put together, and there are no cursed twist ties etc to contend with.  But then I notice all the picture frames, flower pots wall fixtures are bare and there are 2 pages of stickers number so as to alert me to where to put the darn things - I just spent the better part of an hour putting stickers on - and this is not my strong suit.  I&apos;m more of a creative placement type of gal.

But Megan is happy and playing  - so its all good.
