---
layout: post
title: "Road Trip day 1"
date: 2009-04-14
slug: 2009-04-14-1
---

We left by 9 which I must say is a small miracle.  I don&apos;t think I&apos;ve ever successfully left on a road trip at the time I said I wanted to leave.  However traffic through Oakland meant that our trip to our first stop the  [Jelly Belly Factory](jellybelly.com/visit_jelly_belly/california_factory_tours.aspx)  took much longer then the GPS promised 1 hour.  

But we arrived early enough to walk on to a tour, and though Megan was intrigued in the beginning she quickly bored.  Her curiosity was peeked when the guided mentioned skunk and Booger flavored Jelly Beans and NO we didn&apos;t sample them.  Actually walking back to our car some young men were daring each other to try some beans and when after a few moments they all started gagging and spitting out the beans in question Megan&apos;s very sensitive gag reflex kicked in and she proceeded to join them.  Once they had finished I asked what they had sampled and they all replied in a happy chorus of &quot;Skunk&quot;.

After the tour we drove onward the 3 hours north Redding to discover the very nice hotel I found online was actually on the seedier side of town and quite a bit run down.  Actually the kicker for me was that the pictures online showed those nice stripped sheets on the beds that I have enjoyed at some nicer hotels and so I thought we were in for a treat.  The truth turned out to be a nice top sheet over a very old blanket and even older yellow sheets.  The damn pillow cases don&apos;t even match.  Add to that the condom wrapper I discovered behind the night stand and I&apos;m not exactly thrilled with my choice.  Its a chain I won&apos;t mention and I wont&apos; stay in again.   But as we didn&apos;t come all this way for the hotel, and Megan is happy with the indoor pool and the big jacuzzi tub and it is relatively clean, I won&apos;t worry.  But next time we come this way I will find better accommodations.

We had a drive around town in search of a nice place for dinner and ended up settling for a Mexican place, that was yummy, though a chain.  I had hoped to try a  local favorite mom and pop.  Back to the hotel where we watched a movie off my laptop and Megan fell deeply asleep.  And I think it is time for me to join her. 

Shasta Lake, and Caverns in the morning...  



