---
layout: post
title: "Great Day at the SF Zoo"
date: 2009-07-27
slug: 2009-07-27-1
---

Megan and I spent the day at the San Francisco Zoo which is about an hour away from us right on the Pacific Ocean.  It means it was cold and over cast.  

Jack and I went to that zoo when I was pregnant with Megan and it depressed the hell out of me.  Everything seemed wrong - Elephants in very small spaces banging their head on concrete, lions in cages.  I&apos;ve been leery of going back. They&apos;ve had their problems.... [namely with the elephants and tigers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Francisco_Zoo) 

But I knew they had some gorillas which Oakland zoo doesn&apos;t have and I really wanted to see them.  So We went..

Well the zoo is much improved.  The giraffe exhibit up front is huge and has Ostrich and a zebra. The 2 baby giraffes are adorable.  

Then we walked on to the gorilla exhibit.  The silverback was so proud and beautiful.  and his harem seemed content.  We walked all the way around them stopping to watch at various spots, but it wasn&apos;t until our last spot that we saw the baby clinging to his foster mom.  So adorable.  While we were watching she decided to go inside and basically shook him off so that he had to walk on his own.  Very cute little guy.

We explored the rest of the zoo enjoying the grizzly&apos;s and polar bears, the train ride and all the variety of kangaroo.  The Koala we saw twice and he was in the same position both times.    The lion house was closed and they were all out on exhibit - beautiful creatures we were able to see up close.  All and all a good day.  The food lacked a lot to be desired - I never thought I&apos;d say Oakland zoo food was good but it sure is better than what I wasted $19. on!

I was also annoyed that I fell for buying a new zoo key - when it turned out to be identical to our oakland zoo one.  -Live and learn.  

After we walked back to the car (which by the way was a trek! - when Jack and I went 7 years ago the main entrance was right on the street and there was not visible zoo parking - that has changed the main entrance is now in a big parking lot and the original main entrance is completely closed. )  We got a snack at a Coffee Shop by the car and then jumped on the beach road south to Pacifica where we pulled over at beach near the  [ Taco Bell in Pacifica](http://www.yelp.com/biz/taco-bell-pacifica)   Megan had a blast playing in the surf and ended up soaking her clothes so she road home just in jackets.   I think I&apos;m going to have to take her to a beach while we are in florida next month - Just wish Ocala was closer to such things.



