---
layout: post
title: "Road Trip Day 4"
date: 2009-04-17
slug: 2009-04-17-1
---

We got up and had breakfast with our new friends.  Then the kids all swam while the adults chatted under heat lamps near the pool.  After Everyone dried off and I packed up our car and checked out, we walked through Old Town and up to the Carson Mansion.  I found a very cool squirrel proof bird-feeder which we needed cause the darn squirrels had broken our last ones.  Megan also found a very pretty glass charm on a pink chain necklace that was in a store going out of business and really marked down.  Eureka is a pretty town, very artsy - with lots of beautiful Murals. We ended the visiting at a great Italian place for some Pizza with our friends.  

Megan and I then headed southward with our daily destination being Fort Bragg.  The first bit of travel was on 101 and while it was a curvy road, it wasn&apos;t that bad.  But then we turned off onto Highway 1.  I&apos;ve driven most of Highway 1 but never this part.  It was by far the worst road ever for those suffering from motion sickness.  I held on because I was driving but poor Megan turned 3 shades of green.  We managed to make it too the ocean before she asked me to pull over and she lost her lunch.  And the road from then on was less curvy.  We rolled into Fort Bragg just after 4 around the same time the fog was rolling in, making our quest to watch a great sunset pointless.  

We rested at the hotel, and Megan started feeling hungry so we headed down to the main part of town and did a bit of window shopping before settling on Japanese food at a place we&apos;d been to once before with friends.    We&apos;ve had a quiet night and plan on heading over to the beach in the morning to search for hermit crabs and tide pools.  We&apos;ll be heading home soon after through yet another curvy road.

