---
layout: post
title: "YOSEMITE - DAY THREE - TRAVEL JOURNALING"
date: 2010-04-12
slug: 2010-04-12-1
---

April 7th

We again started the day early at 7 and managed to get dressed and eat so that by 8:45 we were on the road down to the valley This drive is easily 45 mins of twists and turns.  Going down to the valley in the morning is easier then coming back to the hotel for the cliff is on the return side.  We made it down and found parking, but not before we saw another coyote out exploring in one of the meadows.  We started the day at the Art Center where we took a class in Travel Journaling.  The instructor had it in her head that we should all draw with ink and do the initial outline without looking at the paper yeah right.  However having 2 hours dedicated to just drawing what I see around me was really wonderful.  Megan had fun too and drew not only the trees and mountains but also birds, and a portrait of her mom. 

The class lasted 4 hours but we bugged out by 12:30 and decided we&apos;d had enough of sitting in one place.  We headed over to the Indian Village and Yosemite Cemetery to explore.  We decided we wanted a break and would watch the movie again, but while waiting for it we heard that a Ranger Walk was about to begin.  So we headed out for that.   The ranger was wonderful with kids and Megan loved walking with him and telling him all about what she knew of the park and its animals.  She asked him tons of questions.  The group was large I&apos;d say easily 30 people.  So at times it felt like we would never catch up but he always waited so no one ever missed a thing.  At one point Megan deserted me and walked with the ranger.  We saw Mule Deer resting, a woodpecker, a spider and a few other insects - all the while walking from the visitor center to a beautiful large Meadow.  We ended at the Merced river where Megan enjoyed showing she could keep her hand in 42 degree water longer than me.

The day was much warmer then yesterday and the snow was quickly melting.  By the time we got back to the hotel (with a pizza from Curry Village) most of the snow we&apos;d been trudging through to get to our room had melted.  We enjoyed the piano player at the bar by the restaurant and are ending the day with Megan working on her Junior Ranger workbook and I am finishing up this entry.

Tomorrow we plan on Lunch at Ahwahnee (We have a reservation this time), and a hike to Brideveil falls.  I&apos;m hopeful that the road to Mariposa Grove of Sequoias will be plowed or melted in the next day so that by Friday morning we can explore that.  And now I&apos;m ready for bed this vacation is exhausting.

