---
layout: post
title: "Great weekend and hip update"
date: 2010-03-29
slug: 2010-03-29-1
---

We had company this weekend.  Friday night Jack&apos;s Aunt and cousin arrived and and Jack rushed  them over to meet up with Megan and I at her color guard performance.  They arrived in time and Megan did beautifully.   We then got to enjoy the middle school and high school color guards.  The local high schools group is world number one ranked and really really good.  The Percussion groups also performed and wow - what amazing talent we have here in Union City.

We came home to a late dinner and Great conversation.

Saturday morning we started the day taking Oso to the beach.  It was a wonderful time.  Oso swam out and got stick after stick, and Megan swam out for stick after stick too.  She actually got up to seven sticks at once.   

We came home for lunch and then headed out to <a href=&quot;http://www.ebparks.org/parks/sunol&quot;>a wild flower festival.  It was a really wonderful event - very well organized.    Megan was able to do 8 different art projects out of 12 including making some paper, sketching, and leaf prints on a t-shirt.  

We had  a wonderful dinner at  [NOLA&apos;S](http://www.nolas.com/)  and a walk around Palo Alto.  We ended the day around the fire pit in the back yard with a little star gazing.  

Sunday we went to see &quot;How To Train Your Dragon&quot; which was really a good movie.  We hung out around the house the afternoon, Jack and Megan did some gardening, and we all enjoyed dinner with friends before Aunt Marsha and Jon left  - one by plane the other by car.

Everything just fell in place and it was really a great weekend.




  
