---
layout: post
title: "Yosemite - Day One to Wawona"
date: 2010-04-09
slug: 2010-04-09-1
---

Monday April 5th

Megan and I left by 9 am a small feet in and of its self.  We had no real traffic and made it to Modesto just after 10.  

We pulled off and found an art supply store I had found online when I was searching for things for the art program at school.  We indulged in some neat supplies so that we can sketch some of what we see here.

After leaving Modesto we drove south until the turn off onto Highway 140.  All the while I looked for some place for lunch, but we made it all the way to Mariposa before finding a pizza dive.  

Following the GPS We headed south then and turned onto Chowchilla Mountain Road which was a long curving mountain road bringing us up into the snow, before our GPS said we were 3 miles from our hotel and we had to turn around do to the “Impassable” sign road not cleared in winter!   Damn GPS so it was back to Mariposa and then  up 140 into the park and then south on another long road this one going all the way up to 6000 feet  elevation (brrrr) before coming to the hotel at 4000.  Plenty of snow on the ground and right out side our door.    I should have read the info the hotel gave cause it said clearly in the email I received take 140 in winter. (and despite this being spring the several feet of snow in some places makes this feel more like winter)

We did have 2 hick ups well hicks not totally hick ups.  One is that 140 had a huge rockslide and so they have had to divert traffic across the Merced river down a single lane road (for both directions) and then back across the river.  We pulled up to this just as our light turned red and had to wait 20 minutes for the other cars to pass.  I used the chance to snap some photos and give the car a break.

The second happened right after we paid to get into the park a truck broke down just inside the park and it took another 30 minutes for them to push it out of the way clear enough that we could pass.  

We turned up the road to head to our hotel when I saw a vista point pulling off it turned out to be “Tunnel View” and wowser gorgeous valley view with El Capitan right there.  The area was covered in snow and we both got a little soaked changing shoes and walking in the slushy parking lot.  Also the wind was kicking snow off the trees and we kept getting it in the face.  It was really lovely actually.  

Megan had a blast make snow angels and running around the snow.  We ate a yummy though overpriced dinner at the Wawona Hotel Restaurant, before wandering around the grounds to find the “closed” pool, Golf pro shop and ice machine.  The hotel is lots of buildings all built in the 1800&apos;s, some older then others.  We have one of the few rooms with a bathroom.   Our cottage is back from the main building a bit and was a trek to bring the luggage too, but the room is nice and clean.  No TV, or Phone, but we cheated and watched some StarTrek TNG on my laptop.  No cell phone coverage either I actually called Jack Collect from a payphone behind the main building and had to read the phone to see how to do it go figure.

