---
layout: post
title: "Day Four free to be"
date: 2010-04-15
slug: 2010-04-15-1
---

 April 8th		

We had no plans today except lunch at 1 at the Grand Dining room of the Aweanee.  So we  took the morning easy,  and headed down to the valley by 9:30.  We stopped first at Bridleveil Falls, hiking the short distance from the parking lot up to the bottom of the falls.  We spent some time snapping pictures and sketching.  

We headed out and stopped again in the Meadow in front of El Capitan there we watched a rock climber hanging  above us 1/3 of the way up.  We  played around with the camera and finally just sat on our jackets and enjoyed the sunshine snow melting everywhere barely visible is some places.  A huge change from Monday and Tuesday.  It was actually warmer today and we left our jackets in the car as we wondered around the valley.  

Lunch was wonderful really the best meal I&apos;ve had here.  I would recommend it and lunch was more reasonable then dinner in terms of price.  I understand the Sunday buffet is very good too. 

We went to the visitor&apos;s center after lunch and Megan became a Junior Ranger here to add to her status as a Junior Ranger in Grand Canyon.    The ranger told me about  the groves of Sequoias saying it was much easier to get  to certain ones during winter, to so we headed that way next driving north on 120. 

We get up to the first grove and park the snow is a few feet thick.  We walk over to the trail head and the sign says it&apos;s a  2 mile hike.  We had pulled in at 4pm and walking on snow and mud means  I go slow so we turned around and headed back to the hotel.  We did stop on the way down at a great view of Half dome. 

We got back to our hotel, and went down to the  lounge to listen to the piano player and play cards.  Then back to our room for an impromptu dinner (Cup oh Noodles) and bed.  

