---
layout: post
title: "and now thats over...notes"
date: 2010-07-11
slug: 2010-07-11-1
---

I finally finished the update from our trip, and we are on another trip!.. this one much shorter - we are in Sonoma for a long weekend to attend our friends Joe and Elizabeth&apos;s wedding.  Jack and Megan drove up via Six flags yesterday and I drove up and had a quiet afternoon reading at the pool.  Then we had dinner at The Fig Cafe here in Glen Ellen. - really good.

I&apos;m looking forward to reading  [The Autobiography of Mark Twain](http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/entertainment/july-dec10/twain_07-07.html ) <br />.  He has always been such an important writer to me. More for his essays and short stories.  When I was in my early teens my parents took me to see Hal Holbrook perform him.  It was my first experience understanding what was being  said and laughing with the audience instead of laughing because they were.  It made a hugh impression on me and I came home and soaked up what ever Mark Twain I could find.  This eccentric man, gone long  before me had a way with explaining the world in such plain terms. 

Yesterday I went to the pool to water walk in the lazy river with a friend - something we do at least every saturday morning.  This saturday we made it about 3/4 of the way around before I spied a mouse swimming 10 feet in front of us shrieked and climbed my butt out the side.  Even after the lifeguards managed to get it out of the pool Saturday Morning Cartoon Style, I refused to get back in that pool and so we we had to do our walking and talking in the lap pool.

finally  I need to cure Mimi of Peeing all over the house.  When I get back next week she will be back in her crate when we are gone and she will be punished when she pees on rugs or our bed - its sheer laziness on her part and no matter how cute she is, i&apos;m done with it.  I&apos;ve never had a dog who so blatantly refused to pee outside.  Any suggests?  
