---
layout: post
title: "Lightbulb"
date: 2010-03-21
slug: 2010-03-21-1
---

tonight while reading in bed and then later while reading mail on my laptop, I got annoyed with Little Guy who kept getting up and going out side - well annoyed at first and then concerned cause he wasn&apos;t going out to bark, I actually had no idea what he was doing. 

Our usual night sees little guy and mimi in bed under the covers with the big guy ontop -no one moves until about midnight when Oso has enough of the pack and heads out to find peace in the living room.  The others just stretch out and that is life.

Little guy making trips outside meant something was wrong - I wondered if he was maybe sick, or hungry.  and then I heard him climb into a bathtub - not an easy feet for him, and I realized he was thirsty.  

I&apos;ve been noticing that nither boy will drink from the new water bowl - we&apos;ll I hadn&apos;t seen them drink from it -I  [got this one but actually larger ](http://www.amazon.com/Petmate-Microban-1-Gallon-Capacity-Bleached/dp/B0002AT4PK/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=home-garden&qid=1269239492&sr=8-2)  in hopes of not needing to fill the small bowl so often. 

Thinking it wasn&apos;t fresh enough for his highness - I got up and changed out the bowl - even washing it with hot water.  He still wouldn&apos;t go near it.  So I sat next to it and grabbed his empty food bill and dipped it in and filled it - he came over and proceeded to drink that bowl dry.  I dipped his food bowl again and again he drank it all.  when the big jug bowl made noise as water levels leveled out - he was visibly shaken.  I see now I underestimated the old adage - you can&apos;t teach an old dog new tricks.  Mimi however loves the new waterbowl and often can be found putting spoils of her looting in the bowl for safe keeping.  

I guess tomorrow I will go find the old water bowl in the garage and fill it up instead.


