---
layout: post
title: "An athiest Christmas. ..."
date: 2011-12-23
slug: 2011-12-23-1
---

I have many religious family and friends, whom I love.  Only one of them has ever asked me why I celebrate Christmas still.  But thinking that more probably wondered the same thing, I wanted to share this  [well written essay from the Washington Post.](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/guest-voices/post/a-very-atheist-christmas/2011/12/21/gIQAjU2I9O_blog.html) 

For me Christmas was always about family.  I have such wonderful memories of Christmas Eve with my mom making mulled wine, and after church sitting on the floor in front of the tree, with candles lit, as laughed, and shared stories.  We usually got to open one gift too, usually PJ&apos;s or slippers, something that could be used right away.  

Christmas morning was early, and full of anticipation.  We couldn&apos;t wait to see what Santa had left under the tree.  For us, Santa never wrapped his gifts.  They were piled in groups scattered around the room.  My dad would set up his video camera and then once it was rolling we would come out and gaze with wonder.  

While mom got breakfast organized, we would go through and play with our new toys.  With Coffee in hand, we would move onto the gifts, with the youngest (being myself) passing them out one at a time.  This process would take hours.   By the end of the day we would have a wonderful dinner, prepared while my brothers and I would play with our toys.  My oldest sister always liked to display our opened gifts under the tree like a department store.  Sometimes guests would come over, my grandfather with his wife would bring us 5 lb candy canes.    After dinner we would head into the family room and one at a time, we would open our stockings. 

My mother and father always made Christmas so special.  And while the religious component was important in my childhood, the part I loved best was always family and love, and that was what I&apos;ve brought forward into my adult life.  And now with our daughter, Jack and I love making the day a special celebration of our family.<br />
