---
layout: post
title: "Life is good"
date: 2011-07-02
slug: 2011-07-02-1
---

I sit here typing this in my new office, the window open a sea breeze coming off the bay.  We finally have the whole house buying/selling/re-financing mess behind us.  We can breath.  The house really suits us.  We have tons of small projects to do - The front flower bed I want to turn into a patio area - some how.  We have a mantel to build.  A back yard to return to beauty - already started with a new tree (Nectarine or peach we aren&apos;t sure)   A new rose bush that is very small but thriving.  I put a gardenia in the front in honor of my mom - lets see if I can keep it alive.  

 Its a beautiful day.  Megan and Jack are at the park.  I left them there to start dinner, which I will shortly - Fresh Pesto from the basil we got at the farmers market tossed on Pasta with some grilled chicken.  Megan wanted to run.  It started as a bribe to watch tv but she enjoys the endorphins and asks to run laps at the park almost daily.   I have great hope that her love of the outdoors and exercise will keep her from ever battling the bulge.      We got her a new bike this week.  One that will last her a while, a small woman&apos;s bike for my tall beautiful California Girl.  And now her knees don&apos;t hit the handle bars.  

We biked today this morning to the farmers market, and then this afternoon through the neighborhood, down a dirt road out toward the bay and then into another neighborhood.  Up to Megan&apos;s school and then back.  Which is when I left them at our park, this after a day of just chilling.   My favorite time today was laying on a blanket in the front yard and reading to Megan - we are in the middle of a book about a cat on an adventure called Tailchaser&apos;s song.  I read it as a child and wanted to share it with her.   

I have 3 dogs at my feet sleeping, one is drugged because the forth is in 2 days and neighbors are already terrorizing him with fireworks.  

Tomorrow I&apos;m thinking the beach - half moon bay and Pescadero creek.  I bought a sunbrella - an enormous beach umbrella that will allow Jack to enjoy the beach.

Oops -  Megan and Jack are riding up the street and I still haven&apos;t started dinner.  Off I go...<br />
