---
layout: post
title: "I support Planned Parenthood and Im proud of it!"
date: 2011-02-23
slug: 2011-02-23-1
---

This recent plan by the house to cut Planned Parenthoods funding has really ticked me off.  The excuse is that tax money shouldn&apos;t be used for abortions - well Tax money isn&apos;t!  

&quot;Planned Parenthood offers medical care and counseling for all things connected to sexual health.
Planned Parenthood is ALREADY FORBIDDEN from using ANY federal funding for abortions. 
Yes, you heard me: Planned Parenthood already DOES NOT USE FEDERAL FUNDING FOR ABORTIONS.
You know what they use federal funding for?
• Five million men, women, and adolescents that get reproductive and sexual health care each year.
• Three million people who visit Planned Parenthood annually for health exams.
• Over one million pap smears.
• 830,000 breast exams.
• Four million tests and treatments for sexually transmitted diseases, including HIV and AIDS.
So what about those abortion services? How much of what Planned Parenthood is about abortion?
THREE PERCENT.

That&apos;s how much of what Planned Parenthood does that is related to terminating pregnancies, and does without spending a dime of federal funding in the process.&quot; (borrowed from my friend over at   [ of Planned Parenthood](http://www.plannedparenthood.org/files/AR08_vFinal.pdf) . 

No one who reads this will have their mind changed.  But if your going to spout something as fact - make sure it is! <br />

Planned Parenthood helped me.  When I was young and broke I was able to get birth control and physicals.  When I was in Australia, it was a easy means for me to get my annual checkup with out dealing with trying to find a doctor in a foreign country.   I&apos;ve never had an abortion, and I can&apos;t imagine every needing one, but I&apos;m grateful that if I needed one, for my health, or back when I was young and foolish, I could have attained one, in a safe environment. 

If you live in a glass house and all that.... 



