---
layout: post
title: "Well now ive done it..."
date: 2012-02-12
slug: 2012-02-12-1
---

I have a family member with whom I disagree with politics.  Well actually I&apos;ve got more than one who I find on the opposite side of the political spectrum then me, but only one who has repeatedly disrespected me for being on the opposite of the political sphere and for being an atheist.  I&apos;ve been called all sorts of variations of socialist, but yesterday this person posted on Facebook that I and any one who will be voting for Obama in the upcoming election was a traitor.  

I took offense to this, and over a series of comments for which I expressed my offense, I was reminded just how far apart we are, on this and so many other issues.  Well I was just unfriend on Facebook.  And if that wasn&apos;t enough, I was also banned so that I can&apos;t even see that this person exists.  I had told them I had &quot;hid&quot; them from my main feed so that the venom they spewed wouldn&apos;t be visible on my main page and assault me unexpectedly, but I would have stilled checked their page to keep up with their kids and their life.  Well my life just got a bit easier for me.   I wonder - this person hasn&apos;t sent Megan a Christmas present or birthday present in couple years while I have been at least remembering Christmas, though I&apos;m sure a missed a couple of their kids birthdays,- maybe I should have read the writing on the wall a while ago.    

Why can&apos;t we all get along.  I love the diversity of  the people in my life, including my religious friends, and my republican friends. I don&apos;t have to agree with them to get along with them.   I guess there is always one who doesn&apos;t think we can accept each other for who we are.

 <br />
