---
layout: post
title: "Adapting..."
date: 2012-03-22
slug: 2012-03-22-1
---

I bought Book  [the Orchid Thief](http://www.amazon.com/Orchid-Thief-Obsession-Ballantine-Readers/dp/044900371X)  when it first came out, A book about Miami after the after math of Hurricane Andrew, but couldn&apos;t get in to it.  

Bought it again after I watched the Movie Adaptation which I saw in the theater with Jack in 2002, but that made it even harder to get into.  Because the movie actually goes somewhere, and was quirky. I didn&apos;t remember it though - I filed it away in my brain and completely forgot about it. 

Listened to Susan Orlean in an interview a year ago on Fresh Air about her knew book, and remembered wanting to read the Orchid thief,  and so when it was my turn to suggest books, to book club I went with it.  And so we read it, and I personally  hated it.  Great run ons like reading Deuteronomy.   But I did finish it - there was something to it that kept me going even though I found it about as interesting as paint drying.  Probably the bits of Miami of my youth.  The Miami I loved.  And the story - the main character is interesting - but it doest have enough of him, and has way to much of the history of orchids.  

SO today - After we had the discussion at book club Tuesday, I had the group over to watch the movie &quot;Adaptation&quot;  which is about trying to make a book as interesting as paint drying into a movie.  What a hoot. I really enjoyed the play on it.  The book was dry but the movie made reading the book worth it.

 <br />
