---
layout: post
title: "3 things..."
date: 2012-02-05
slug: 2012-02-05-1
---

Jack has started a practice of keeping a journal every day of 3 things he is thankful for each day.  I&apos;m just going to do 3 things right now.  

1.  My life.  I love my life.  California is amazing - the weather right now is gorgeous and Ive got a wonderful husband (whom I&apos;ve been married to for 20 years this June) and and a beautiful, talented, smart and funny daughter.  My nephew who is now living with us is pretty great too, having just dug 4 holes for me to plant some things that have lived in pots way to long. 

2.  My friends.  I&apos;ve had one friend from afar recently help me design an outfit for a big night out.  Last night was that night and I really enjoyed myself.  We attended a fundraiser night for the School District foundation, and the theme was Montecarlo - well I played poker all night and ate great food and spent time with wonderful people.  Facebook has helped me get closer to friends of old, and family I barely knew.  Our new house is well situated with great people living all around us.  And each day I am thankful for the amazing people in my life.

3.  Great food.  Tonight we are making a feast of Beer Butt Chicken.  Recently I&apos;ve really started cooking more and more and really enjoying it.  I&apos;m finding a talent for planning meals and adjusting recipes to make them better.  I&apos;ve always been able to cook, but right now I&apos;m a cooking fool!

<br />
