---
layout: post
title: "Election day is fast approaching..."
date: 2012-05-26
slug: 2012-05-26-1
---

and that means we are being overwhelmed with flyers and mail - yes on H, No 0n 29 Says big tobacco , Yes on 29 says just about everyone else.

But the one that got me is Jennifer Ong for assembly.  She&apos;s running for state assembly and wants my vote - I get that.  Truth is I have a sign in my yard for her competitor and plan on voting for him.  

So This Dr Ong, has sent me daily vote for me mailings.  Last week, her mother sent everyone potholders - it was only addressed to me and not Me and Jack, and then a few days later one addressed to the children of Lauren and Jack - we only have one and had to work really hard for that one - had we not succeeded that mailing might have offended me more.

Each day I open my mail box Im just a bit more annoyed - the final straw came yesterday when I had 2 post cards waiting for me.

So I went to her website and looked up her email... and sent her this...


On May 25, 2012 4:20 PM, &quot;Lauren Herrington&quot;  wrote:
Dear Dr Ong,

Every day I open my mail box and have a flyer from you.  I understand your running for office and you want my vote.  But your wasting so much paper! Today alone I got 2 flyers from you.  And that  pot holder last week was ridiculous and a big waste of money - probably went straight to the landfill!  I can&apos;t vote for someone that throws that much money away - and i know its not my money but what would you do with my tax money if you had a chance.

Your massive mailing  campaign has backfired.  One plus I guess is your a boon for the postal service.

Sincerely,

Lori Herrington
Union City, California  Resident


Amazingly with in an hour I got a reply - her was her answer...
<i/>Dear Lauren,

I totally understand your frustration especially because for at least 60% of what you have received, I had no knowledge or option of disapporving the mailing because of laws regarding independent expenditures from organizations who are taking their own actions to affect voters&apos; choices. Believe me, after growing up sharing one bedroom with seven of us including my infant brother after settling in this country, I am most sensitive about conservation and prudent use of resources. I even live green by buying clothes from consignment stores.

Perhaps in the future you will reconsider working on a possibly shared goal: to improve issues on campaign financing and other means of minimizing materials and maximizing information to our voters.

I thank you for your candor.

Keep engaged, keep me accountable, because I have experienced apathy in other communities and California deserves better!
Jennifer

While I&apos;m impressed that she replied and apparently in person, I&apos;m not convinced since like a good politician she failed to really listen.<br />

